None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.2.x 7ec663f Peter Bacon Darwin: fix(input): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
ngbot: angular.js/v1.2.x e4fcf92 Peter Bacon Darwin: docs(CHANGELOG): update with 1.2.30 and 1.2.31 changes
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 8d394de Peter Bacon Darwin: docs(CHANGELOG): add 1.2.31 and 1.4.13 release info
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x ead094e Peter Bacon Darwin: docs(CHANGELOG): add 1.2.31 release info
tona: i have two repear ng-repeat into my code, the idea is basically one the first loop to get the values to compare it on the second ng-repeat if it exist one the second dont show it , undfortunately when i set it i repeat many times my images , i am thinking to put one loop into expressions {{for(x=1;x=10;x++)}} but i dont know if could i do it
tona: div class=&quot;s1-footer-3-1&quot; ng-repeat=&quot;item in children_ok&quot;: 			div class=&quot;s1-footer-3-1&quot; ng-repeat=&quot;itemch in hide_ok&quot;:								  	 							    							    					     					h1:{{ (antonio(item,itemch)!='no') ? item.oid }}/h1: 					 						 										     				   				    				   				       				       				       				       				     			/a:     		/div:     	/div:
ARandomFurry: Hi!
ARandomFurry: icfantv, hello again!
Null_: HI, i'm using $routeProvider.when with templateUrl and controller
Null_: do i need to add the controller data to my template, or does the template have controller added to it?
Null_: like, do I still need to write ng-controller=&quot;&quot;
Null_: or is controller auto mounted?
zomg: Null_: in any instance (components, routes, etc.) where you define a controller as a property in JS, it gets automatically set up
Null_: ok, but do i still need to add ng-controller=&quot;profile&quot; into my html?
zomg: Null_: no
zomg: you only need ng-controller for when the controller isn't specified in any other method
Null_: ok thanks zomg, now I&quot;m saving my data in $scope.formData
Null_: from the example i read, I could just add {{ formData }} to my html
Null_: and it would display the information, but my output literally displays {{ formData }}
Null_: instead of transforming it
Null_: but I can see that my data binder is working, with angular chrome inspector
ARandomFurry: [TypeScript, angular 2.0.2rc0]: I can't use ngFor. I have BrowserModule imported.
ARandomFurry: What am I doing wrong?
grizzm0: What does your ngFor look like?
ARandomFurry: template ngFor [ngForOf]=&quot;buttons&quot; let-button:
ARandomFurry: Error message is &quot;can't bind to 'ngFor' since it isn't a known property of 'template'&quot;
grizzm0: Any reason why you're using the template syntax?
Null_: i figured it out thanks, I had put some fields as ng-model=&quot;dataForm.&quot;
Null_: for placeholder, but I guess that doesn't work
ARandomFurry: I had it as the * syntax, but got the same error.
ARandomFurry: So I thought to try and have it on template:
grizzm0: Are you sure you've properly imported BrowserModule? o.O
grizzm0: Could you paste your app.module?
ARandomFurry: I figured it out! I was using ngfor in another module, now it imports CommonModule and works.
grizzm0: :)
ARandomFurry: Ugh I'm so new at ngModule!
grizzm0: Same
ARandomFurry: Just need more practice, thanks grizzm0.
grizzm0: Currently have one massive module
grizzm0: Need to split it up
grizzm0: Oh well. Just got AOT working for my prod build. \o/
grizzm0: Time for bed.
grizzm0: Cut the loading time in half. ;)
Null_: hey i kind of have this weird setup cause I copied an example, but I have in my main.js, app.config with $routerProvider.when and templateUrl and controller
Null_: but I add my controller to my webpage through html header
ARandomFurry: Great, now I have another issue.
Null_: I think i should be importing them into my main.js file, how do I do this?
ARandomFurry: I'm binding to [innerHTML]
ARandomFurry: It spits out a html string like &quot;Tespan:s/span:t&quot;, how can I style the span?
zomg: ARandomFurry: not sure how you'd do that with ng2, but at least with ng1, there was a separate way to bind something that was supposed to be an html string
zomg: (since it's unsafe)
ARandomFurry: zomg; You had $compile.
ARandomFurry: I'm just wondering how to target that html with css :)
grizzm0: ARandomFurry, Try :host ::: span { color: red; }
ARandomFurry: grizzm0; Yup! Thanks.
kelp: Hello guys
kelp: Have anyone here used Modals in Angular 2?
rand0m: hello guys
None
rand0m: can someone help me?
ngWalrus: mroing
None
phloopy: Any way I can have it fire off those directives instead of spitting out node-one:, etc.?
ngWalrus: rand0m  what seems to be the issue?
rand0m: morning ngWalrus
rand0m: I have a controller which has a function which takes in a parameter and does a GET based on the parameter string
rand0m: now I am trying to create this text field as a directive, to call the controller to make the call
rand0m: now normally I'd be using onchange or oninput to bind to the text field, but by doing so, it would be making calls on every input
rand0m: I am trying to understand what would be the best strategy to make the call instead of flooding the server with request on every keystroke
ngWalrus: rand0m  what you want is either throttle or debounce the requests
None
rand0m: thanks for the pointer mate, I'll look into that
ngWalrus: phloopy I think you might be trying to go about that the wrong way
None
ngWalrus: this might help you
phloopy: @ngWalrus, I realize it's not an ideal way of going about it, but I'm trying it this way after running into problems with the compile and add the element route.
phloopy: I am able to get the directives to render with the compile and add route, but it is causing other problems with the drag and drop functionality I'm trying to add.
phloopy: So, is there a way to make it work with the wrong way? :p
ngWalrus: I don't think so
ngWalrus: I might be wrong
ngWalrus: the drag and drop might be easier to fix either way
rand0m: quick question again
rand0m: i have my main module as
rand0m: angular.module('angularDemo', [... 'angularDemo.controllerHub', ...]);
rand0m: and controllerHub is a js defined as
rand0m: defined in**  3 different controllers.
rand0m: is this wrong?
rand0m: I get a Error: [ng:areq] Argument 'githubSearchController' is not a function, got undefined
rand0m: because I have angular.module('angularDemo.controllerHub',[]).controller(&quot;githubSearchController&quot;, githubSearchController);
icebox: rand0m: yes... deps are modules
rand0m: because I have angular.module('angularDemo.controllerHub',[]).controller(&quot;githubSearchResultsController&quot;, githubSearchResultsController);
rand0m: morning icebox
icebox: rand0m: hey
rand0m: so can I have a module called controllerhub and add different controllers as I am doing here in different files?
icebox: rand0m: it doesn't work in that way... angular.module('...', []) // creates a module... angular.module('...') // gets a module
rand0m: ah
icebox: rand0m: you should have only one angular.module('foo', []) for foo module
None
icebox: rand0m: &quot;Beware that using angular.module('myModule', []) will create the module myModule and overwrite any existing module named myModule. Use angular.module('myModule') to retrieve an existing module.&quot;
rand0m: let me try something
Elarcis: holy hell it's christmas
icebox: Elarcis: hey
Elarcis: IT's gonna upgrade my laptop to 64bits and 8GB of RAM
Elarcis: woohoo!
rand0m: :|
icebox: rand0m: then it would be better providing a minimal working plunker... a few lines of code are better than hundreds of words
rand0m: morning Elarcis
Elarcis: Hi!
rand0m: sure icebox
icebox: Elarcis: cool!
rand0m: isnt mininmum am size 16gigs??
rand0m: RAM*
icebox: Elarcis: vscode 1.6 :)
Elarcis: icebox: also, but it only adds minor features I wasn't hyped about
Elarcis: :D
Elarcis: icebox: still nice to see they're working towards implementing more features and working with the community
Elarcis: unlike ANOTHER CODE EDITOR I WON'T NAtoME
icebox: Elarcis: agreed
icebox: Elarcis: really upsetting
rand0m: hey icebox
None
rand0m: here's the plunk
rand0m: surpringly I managed to get it working there
rand0m: lol
icebox: it is not surprisingly... it happens quite often
rand0m: I believe its because I had to put in the order of execution manually
rand0m: never mind, I fixed it in my local too :)
rand0m: I had to create a separate file called ControllerHub and just define it as you've mentioned earlier
rand0m: and then &quot;read&quot; the module definition in the subsequent controllers
icebox: nice
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.2.x a5f4d32 Peter Bacon Darwin: chore(bower): fix up URL to closure compiler
rand0m: also I was reading earlier about directives
rand0m: is it bad to add events onto templates inside directives
rand0m: i.e, blah ng-click=&quot;meh()&quot; ...:
icebox: rand0m: it is ok
Null_: Hey I'm using bootstrap, and I had 1 columns of 6 form fields and then my submit button, I moved 3 fields to the right by floating, but put them below my angular form submit button, but this broke my code, should this work theoretically?
icebox: rand0m: but please, if it doesn't work, review the docs and read again the resources you find via google... :)
Null_: like I don't think it matters where submit button is does it? or that fields are in different divs as long as they are in form..
rand0m: thats what I've been doing since 3:30 :o
rand0m: its 8 AM :O
None
icebox: rand0m: look for &quot;Next, we want to add buttons to this dialog box, and allow someone using the directive to bind their own behavior to it.&quot;
rand0m: Im mostly interested in creating a Directive that Adds Event Listeners
rand0m: thanks :D
rand0m: Null_ why would you use float :S ?
None
None
jnmbk: icebox: thanks
smiche: seems like jsfiddle is executing stuff in a random order
Elarcis: seems like jsfiddle is shit
Elarcis: (FTFY)
smiche: that escalated quickly :d
smiche: can't run chrome without a display to run protractor tests :
Elarcis: wow he already left
Elarcis: 'fix it for me, don't tell me what was wrong'
smiche: virtual frame buffer not working
Elarcis: smiche: heh?
smiche: I think he'd move onto plunkr after seeing it doesn't work on jsfiddle :D
smiche: any ideas what I should do with this angular project? I have free time and nothing too meaningful to do
icebox: smiche: what is the question?
smiche: anything good to do with angular proj in free time? I've done refactoring/tests(don't work on deployment server but fine on local pc), migrating stuff from directive to component, reducing watchers
None
None
Elarcis: icebox: yeessssss
rand0m: hey icebox, is this ok for a debounced directive about to call a service
None
rand0m: I think something's a foot
rand0m: anyone here?
icebox: no
rand0m: :(
runtyrobot: I am - but I'm too new to be of use
rand0m: hah
rand0m: me too
soee: !ask
Elarcis: jqPlot I hate you, why are you such a piece of shit ♪♫
ngWalrus: have you tried using jquery to fix your issues
uru: ngWalrus: flexbox is where it's at now
ngWalrus: $.flexbox
rand0m: o_O
rand0m: whats $.flexbox
None
rand0m: OH
rand0m: like jqgrud
rand0m: grid*
Pyrrhus666: I parsed that as jqCrud. sort of applicable.
None
ngWalrus: is there a jquery plugin for that
uru: Bad breath bothering co-workers? There's a jQuery plugin for that.
None
Pyrrhus666: wasn&acute;t there already an app for that ?
uru: Pyrrhus666: Not if you want the dev version
rand0m: breakfasttttt :D
rand0m: I want some breakfast :(
runtyrobot: Oatmeal - breakfast of champions!
None
rand0m: honey flavoured?
rand0m: count me in
runtyrobot: I put honey in my oatmeal, does that count?
runtyrobot: Sorry - offtopic.
None
ngWalrus: angular has debouncing built in
rand0m: ye I read about that earlier
rand0m: I had the properties added in too
rand0m: then I realised I was doing something funny
rand0m: and removed it
rand0m: I remember what I found was funny
rand0m: I was unable to pass the value of form to the controller :?
rand0m: .
rand0m: brb gotta brush teeth
None
None
rand0m: I didn't have the function :/
rand0m: brb
baako: quick question. if you are making a call to an API which which doesnt have strict JSON basically ti takes the API a few seconds to generate the JSON after querying the database
baako: can you still use ngResource for it instead of the http with the promises?
Pyrrhus666: ngresouce uses http and promises. so yes.
Elarcis: turns out jqPlot didn't set the scale of the graph correctly if I didn't tell it to, so I was displaying all data in a 0-1 range, whereas the line shown up between a 2 and 100 range. I hate this thing.
None
baako: indexService.getcampuses(...).then is not a function
baako: sorry the error is cause by something else
Pyrrhus666: yes, you return the service before the function is defined ?
icebox: baako: why you don't use plunker?
baako: icebox, love his plunker :D
icebox: baako: copy and paste a snippet is easier only for you...
icebox: baako: we spend a lot of time to debug your static code
icebox: baako: and this is not fair... and you know it
Pyrrhus666: icebox: unless you use my firefox, in which somehow the whole copy/paste action in plunker is disabled :(
icebox: baako: so, please, next time use a plunker
icebox: Pyrrhus666: you know... use something else where we can debug the code, but showing a lot of code in a paste service for a few days is called &quot;begging time&quot;... and it is not fair
baako: question. How do you catch an error when usign ngResource?
Pyrrhus666: icebox: you&acute;re absolutely right, and I love plunker. I just have issues with it in firefox, is all ;)
durin_: moin :D, i have question about delegate. I extend a service with my own function, how could i use a function in the same service?   the service have fnA() and i wrote fnB(){ ... this.fnA()} is not working
Pyrrhus666: durin_: something like nameofserviceinstance:.fnA() when using a factory pattern ?
arlekin: hi guys! long time no see
Pyrrhus666: morning arlekin !
arlekin: morning
arlekin: soo i finally have some time today, and i'd like to invest it in angular 2, some tips on starting and resources ?
arlekin: and please dont recommend demo app (tour of heroes IIRC)
None
arlekin: i didn't do phonegap app in ng 1 and im kinda prejudiced towards..
Elarcis: hi arlekin, long time nausea!
baako: hi Elarcis how have you been?
arlekin: Elarcis: hi bruh
Elarcis: baako:...fine? you know I've been here for the whole morning right?
baako: now i know :D
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: if you want a real struggle, use angular-cli to do your project, and throw in some ahead-of-time compiling for shits &amp; giggles ;) and why no ToH ?
durin__: @Pyrrhus666 year this was my first thinking, but maybe someone change the name of the implementation
antiPoP: which was a code editor which you opened directly a folder, and then you selected the files from there? Atom?
baako: Elarcis, what do you think of the stackoverflow 3rd answer in handling ngResource error in one place?
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: cause i have no problem with figuring out something to do in ng2, but i didn't like the sample app tutorial in ng1 and as i said im prejudiced towards the sample in ng2 (it is entirely possible its all good)
Elarcis: baako: there are only two answers, so nothing
cojack: xD
baako: yes they are 2 answers sorry about that
Elarcis: baako: also I don't use ngResource, and nearly everyone I know has been telling ngResource is shit
baako: the 2nd answer i might
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: and i'd like something less &quot;look how cool angular is&quot; because i know very well how cool it is, i'd like something that will untangle all things, and let me have some systematic learning experience
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: (don't we all, right ?)
None
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: it&acute;s okay, it touches on some important subjects. if you&acute;re not lacking a goal, I&acute;d grap a starter (I still use preboot&acute;s ng2 webpack one) and go ;)
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: hehe, yeah.
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: that was my intention to use the starter since i am buildprocess-virgin
Elarcis: arlekin: it's funny because virginity indeed has a lot to do with build processes
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: having just webpack keeps the complexity down, and I don&acute;t have to use angular-cli...
Elarcis: ^
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: then again ng-cli seems to be the way of the future to manage everything...
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: yeah, except it's still in alphabeta
Elarcis: *albeta
cojack: baako: it only depends how you would like to operate the error, in some cases there are good point to let it through up to ctrl, sometime you just wanna to handle error an do something special in this one request, fe: verify the access token lifetime, and if it's expired, clear the cache and move user to login page, EVERYTHING depends on action
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: hehe, although from experience, ng beta == pre alpha, I think ;)
ngWalrus: hey guys don't push your experimental shit in to the staging branch. It will make deployments sad :(
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: you mean ng RC?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: :D
Elarcis: ngWalrus: they state in the doc that their experimental stuff is marked as production-ready, just needs some feedback and should be handled with a grain of salt
arlekin: Elarcis: im really intrigued by your parallel between virginity and build process' xD care to elaborate ?
icebox: arlekin: please, no :)
ngWalrus: Elarcis referring to the project I'm working on currently
Elarcis: arlekin: the loss of virginity was originally linked to the start of a building process.
Elarcis: ngWalrus: ha. WELL YOU DIDN4T GIVE ME ANY CONTEXT
ngWalrus: my mistake
macstriker1: data-ng-walrus
ngWalrus: also by experimental I mean broken code
None
baako: restangular
macstriker1: restaurantangular
arlekin: Elarcis: say whaaaat ?
Pyrrhus666: baako: yes
durin__: grr $delegate.fnA() is not working :(
durin__: but it should, isnt?
Elarcis: arlekin: holy hell did no one ever tell you about bees and flowers?
durin__: test
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: what about bees &amp; bees ? or flowers &amp; flowers ?
ghutzriop: Hi, I have a website, on which I can only execute some JS snippet. I want to use Angular 2 to embed components(that work with the Angular hosted database-backend) at multiple places in the websites' DOM. Is that possible and what would be the general idea?
baako: Pyrrhus666, simple to implement?
Pyrrhus666: baako: for me it was. although I sometimes question its worth over simple $http, but that depends on you implementation I guess.
Pyrrhus666: baako: other than that, it works perfectly fine.
B3nd3r: hi there
baako: i will play around with it when i have done much with the project for now i will use the ngResource
None
Pyrrhus666: baako: if you see no real need, just use ngResource. I chose restangular way back when because $resource had issues (angular 1.1 days).
B3nd3r: but I get a 'TypeError: Cannot read property 'compile' of undefined'
B3nd3r: any idea?
baako: alright am using angular 1.5.3
Pyrrhus666: baako: I&acute;m on 1.5.7, but I never refactored the code and still use restangular ;(
Pyrrhus666: baako: i mean ;)
durin__: okey ist important using delegate and decorator in the right order :/
None
baako: Pyrrhus666, quicker. I am using angualar with ionic to build a mobile app. I want to try the restangular because i like the idea tha model has relationship
baako: for my setBaseUrl do i set it has my website url which at the moment it is running on my local machine
None
None
Pyrrhus666: baako: you&acute;re doing CORS. you probably have to do something for that to work. I have just &uml;/api&uml; as a baseUrl.
baako: Pyrrhus666, i have in my grails application
Pyrrhus666: baako: docs state that absolute urls are possible, so just try and see.
baako: cool
Pyrrhus666: baako: you _have_ read the docs, right ? :P
baako: Pyrrhus666, yea watched a video from the author too
Pyrrhus666: damn young&acute;uns and their fancy videos. in my time, we had no stinkin&acute; videos ;)
baako: ahaha i learn by watching. If i watch and see and understand what is going on then when i read i can picture it better
Pyrrhus666: videos are too slow for me. gimme docs and let me tinker.
baako: Pyrrhus666, you are a reading/writing learner i guess
Pyrrhus666: baako: yup
baako: am a visual / auditory leaner
baako: and also a Kinesthetic learner
Pyrrhus666: I can&acute;t even imagine that, but to each their own ;)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: nice to see a sample for a graphql thing, but this doesn&acute;t really show its supposed superiority over REST :)
antiPoP: I'm refactoring an beta app to rc. I should replace @App with @Component, right?
baako: they are 4 different types of learners, visual, auditory, reading/writing and Kinesthetic. I am a really story visual learner follow by Kinesthetic then reading/writing then auditory(this depends on what i am learning)
None
antiPoP: (forget it)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: yeah, I read that. it&acute;s just that the example is a little underwhelming ;)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I do see the proposed problems with REST though. so this could indeed be better.
None
bd-: pure proper rest is pretty bad
bd-: sure it's a nice theory but kinda impracticle for web apis
icebox: bd-: indeed nowadays any web endpoint is called &quot;rest&quot;
bd-: api i'm working on atm... if i did it in the proper REST way it would take... 5000+ calls instead of 1 to query a bit of data
Pyrrhus666: just drop the term REST and everything is fine :)
anli_: How does angular render time using the locale I have specified by including angular-locale_sv-en.js? I can see no timezone information there. If it used the system locale, the times had been different (and not intended)
anli_: new Date(&quot;2016-10-11T12:00:00&quot;).getHours() gives 14, I really need that 12 instead
Elarcis: bd-: I've read about GraphQL, it looks sexy af
bd-: yea, i'm quite tempted to implement it
bd-: although i already have a way to specify and query subresources in my restish api
bd-: i don't much like the graphql syntax though, would prefer if it were some json format
Elarcis: bd-: you don't like anything anyway ::)
bd-: i like lots of things, just not bad things
Elarcis: must be hard to hate yourself
Elarcis: OOOOOOOH
Elarcis: (jk)
bd-: har
anli_: ok, angularjs does not care about the locale when it is rendering time, it seems
Pyrrhus666: anli_: it does if you have included the angular locale.
anli_: It rendered the same times when I was omitting that inclusino
anli_: inclusion
anli_: Also, there is no tz offset in that file
anli_: The locale string however is there
anli_: But, as I said, no difference if I remove that script tag
anli_: I must have got this wrong
Pyrrhus666: TZ definition isn&acute;t a local thing.
Pyrrhus666: locale, I mean
Pyrrhus666: and date/time formats are in the locale files, so they should work.
anli_: The format in itself does not bring offset information
Pyrrhus666: anli_: it shouldn&acute;t. tz isn&acute;t a locale thing.
anli_: new Date(&quot;2016-10-11T12:00:00&quot;).getHours() outputs 14, how is that possible?
anli_: I am in a timezone that is 2 hours ahead of utc, so I understand the diff in one way
Pyrrhus666: anli_: GMT+2 is your local offset
bd-: it geos from 0-23
bd-: so gmt+1
Pyrrhus666: also, doing this in pure js disregards the angular locale.
anli_: It seems like javascript and angularjs do not agree, because angular outputs that time as 12:00
anli_: The only thing that makes sense is that the server side that produced the string is misconfigured and AngularJS is misconfigured in the same way
Pyrrhus666: welcome to datetime hell ;)
Elarcis: anli_: .getUTCHours()
anli_: :)
anli_: Elarcis: That will not give me local hours :)
anli_: I must try it
bd-: anli_: are you using the date filter?
anli_: yes
anli_: {{activity.DateStart | date : 'HH:mm' }}
bd-: so |date:'medium' gives you 12:00pm?
anli_: 12:00
anli_: We do not use pm and am around here :)
Elarcis: anli_: .getHours() is giving you the client's local hour then, I don't get your issue
Pyrrhus666: anli_: it uses your browser&acute;s tz by default. it that set correctly ?
Pyrrhus666: you can force a tz with the date filter too.
anli_: Elarcis: The cause probably is that the string is wrong, and angularjs treats it in the wrong was as well so the result will be the intended
Elarcis: anli_: well the date you're using is a UTC date, your timezone is 2h ahead, so instead of 12:00 you get 14:00.
anli_: yes
bd-: but why would angular be showing the utc date?
anli_: Elarcis: I think we are saying the same thing
bd-: mine shows the timezone adjusted one
Elarcis: anli_: 'new Date(&quot;2016-10-11T12:00:00&quot;).getHours() outputs 14, how is that possible?'
anli_: bd-: Maybe the browser is misconfigured then, will see
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s what I already suggested btw :P
anli_: I know
anli_: Thats why I said it
anli_: Well, the browser is configured with a language
Pyrrhus666: language != tz
Elarcis: anli_: language locale isn't the timezone
anli_: I have configured it with english, but I do not think tz follows with that
anli_: We say the same thing again
Elarcis: anli_: the timezone is usually the system one
anli_: yes
anli_: lets check
cojack: anli_: did you ever hear about UTC?
anli_: Many times, I have been into this before
anli_: Time zone is seet to utc+1
anli_: (not set automatically)
Elarcis: anli_: maybe I should be more explicit in my question. What time do you want to get, and what in the date string you have is incorrect?
Pyrrhus666: anli_: with DST it&acute;s +2, so there.
anli_: utc+1 translates to gmt+2
anli_: yeah
Pyrrhus666: so 12 utc == 14. no issue ?
anli_: The issue is that the server side has produced this string and that AngularJS does not treat the string in the same was as js
Pyrrhus666: what string ?
anli_: I re-paste it, wait
anli_: 2016-10-11T12:00:00
anli_: The intended time is 12:00 local time
Pyrrhus666: that has no tz info, so it&acute;s interpreted as UTC with new Date().
Pyrrhus666: your server sucks :P
anli_: hehe
Elarcis: anli_: Aaaah, so that was that
anli_: Maybe I must check how the serialization just threw away that part
anli_: So if the tz info is not there, js and AngularJS treats it differently... bug?
cojack: anli_: treat all the time as UTC + TZ and you will never have a problem
Pyrrhus666: anli_: no. new Date() does interpreting.
anli_: I thought omitted tz info was the same as specifying that the time is UTC
Pyrrhus666: angular just sees the string.
cojack: and do not use Date native object in javascript, start using moment.js
rand0m: :|
anli_: hehe
bd-: angular and js should treat them the same
bd-: as least on 1.5 they seem to
anli_: Maybe I should do as AngularJS then, check if the tz info is there or parse it myself otherwise
None
Pyrrhus666: anli_: you should make your server return a full date with tz.
anli_: I will not start to use frameworks in this point
anli_: True
anli_: Thats how I will solve it after all
anli_: The server output is insufficient
Elarcis: cojack: I don't think a full blown time lib is that recommended just to display a server-generated date string
anli_: haha
anli_: We are saying the same thing
anli_: &quot;I will not start to use frameworks in this point&quot;
cojack: Elarcis: if you have multi-lang site, there is no other option
anli_: We are kinda alike
anli_: It will be a multi lang site actually
Pyrrhus666: cojack: why ? switching locale seems to work fine for me.
anli_: But if the server side outputs date with tz info, it can be a multi lang site without problems
None
cojack: there is an paragraph about time formats in many cultures
Pyrrhus666: cojack: that doesn&acute;t tell me anything about why it wouldn&acute;t work with just angular locales (which works fine for me)
cojack: and if you wish to support them all without moment you it will blow your mind
cojack: Pyrrhus666: never used angular-locale, because they suck at all
Pyrrhus666: so how do you know they suck ?
Elarcis: cojack: because it seems to work well for Pyrrhus666 :D
cojack: Pyrrhus666: lol dude, how do you think I could get this mysterious knowladge?
cojack: Just opened the docs, read how it works, and If I have to reload the whole site to change locale, this suck as hell
Pyrrhus666: cojack: dunno, you tell me ? you say it sucks, I say it works for me.
Pyrrhus666: and that is an issue why ? nobody changes their locale halfway in a session.
cojack: Pyrrhus666: yeap, there are ppl to like works with bacbone
Pyrrhus666: cojack: what&acute;s your point ?
cojack: Pyrrhus666: I do, and this was an requirement for our project
cojack: Pyrrhus666: nothing, I have no point in this discusion xD
Pyrrhus666: well, then moment.js is good for you. but it doesn&acute;t mean everybody needs it,
Pyrrhus666: nah, we&acute;re about done I think :P
Elarcis: buurn
rand0m: is there a way to pass data in scope variable inside a controller of directive to a different controller?
anli_: I have to use a full of a.DateStart = a.DateStart.ToUniversalTime(); in the server side
anli_: Then a Z is appended to the string
rand0m: at the end?
anli_: yes
rand0m: :
anli_: Then javascript and AngularJS will treat it in the same way
rand0m: who is generating that PHP?
anli_: It is c#
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: if there is, you probably shouldn&acute;t do it.
Pyrrhus666: anli_: the Z implies an empty timezone. or is there anything else following the Z ?
rand0m: anli_, &quot;Z&quot; is kind of a unique case for DateTimes. The literal &quot;Z&quot; is actually part of the ISO 8601 datetime standard for UTC times. When &quot;Z&quot; (Zulu) is tacked on the end of a time, it indicates that that time is UTC, so really the literal Z is part of the time. This probably creates a few problems for the date format library in .NET, since it's actually a literal, rather than a format specifier.
rand0m: that's what I found
anli_: There is only Z
rand0m: ye there only will be Z
anli_: js and ng was agreeing however, thats what I like with it
rand0m: lie 11102016T124045Z
rand0m: Like*
anli_: The downside is that I have to do this for multiple DateTime objects instead of letting ColumnMapping.DataTableToObjectList do it for me
rand0m: is there a problem or not :s im confused now
anli_: (asp.net lingo warning)
rand0m: wb Elarcis
anli_: There is one advantage and one disadvantage, did you see?
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, why now If I may ask
rand0m: not sure what ColumnMapping.blah does
anli_: It takes a sql result in form of a DataTable and creates an object structure of it
anli_: deserializing the result
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: manipulating scopes from different scopes is a nono afaik. use services to share data.
rand0m: ok, if the data is stored in unix time, why not just print out unix time and use js date() to parse it
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, services seems like a overkill just to pass input data to scope
rand0m: no?
anli_: I wish I only have to take the result from ColumnMapping.DataTableToObjectList so this is now an asp.net question
bd-: rand0m: pass it through a directive in the first components template?
bd-: or do you mean pass data to another non-nested controller that already exists on thep age?
rand0m: no bd-
ngWalrus: do you mean to say that angular2 is bad?
rand0m: there's a page with text field which is being generated by directive, and when you enter some junk in it, I want the data to be passed into a controller which is already present
rand0m: anli_, is this a whole table filled with dates
rand0m: ?
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: shouldn&acute;t that be the output of the directive then ?
bd-: bind both to the same ng-model?
anli_: rand0m: There are a lot of datetime fields, but also, doing this manully adds an error source
anli_: Even if the chances are like 100% that I do not omit one field
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, what should be?
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: ah, I read you wrong, sorry.
bd-: i'm confused what the issue is, rand0m ?
Pyrrhus666: me too. if you have a textarea bound to a model, and the directive fills the textarea (hence the model) what&acute;s left to do ?
angularjs518:   service.hey = function(){     var out  = config;     config = &quot;&quot;;     return out;   }; is there a short form?
Pyrrhus666: return &uml;&uml;; ?
durin_: no i want first return the var and then empty or delete it
durin_: or a deepcopy and empty the original object
loZio: Hello, I have a question: I have an ng-repeat and when I click on one element (go to detail) I want to return in the list at the same element. How can do it? Thanks
bd-: doesn't the back button already do that?
loZio: yes but when return in the list the page not return the selected element
Pyrrhus666: durin_: no shorter form afaik, but I&acute;ve never needed to do something like that.
durin_: get a collection and emty it, and do something with the collection1?
Pyrrhus666: durin_: can&acute;t remember the last time I emptied any variable, other then on declaration.
icebox: durin_: angular.copy
icebox: diffalot: myArray.length = 0;
icebox: durin: myArray.length = 0;
icebox: diffalot: sorry... mistell
bd-: durin_: function foo() { try { return config; } finally { config = ''; } }
bd-: works, but probably not something you should actually do
Pyrrhus666: bd-: weird, but nice :)
None
durin_: its no weird/stupid if it works right :D?
rand0m: I have a directive and a controller; directive shows ui, takes input, controller uses input processes stuff
rand0m: I wish life was that simple durin_
bd-: rand0m: put the controller on the directive?
rand0m: you mean inject?
bd-: no
rand0m: controller: mycontroller ?
bd-: i mean tell the directive to use the controller you want to use
bd-: controller: 'githubSearchController'
rand0m: I've never done anything like that :/
rand0m: ye ye I understood
rand0m: will it work 0_o
bd-: or idk copypaste the contents into the other one
rand0m: heh
rand0m: hmm, it works fine in plnkr but fails on my local
rand0m: phew, part 1 / 100 is finished :)
runtyrobot: I have a ng-click, that loads a div with a single employee when selecting it from a list. Which is the best way to push the id to the url/state? Is it via $state - or is there something smarter, that I'm missing?
bd-: have it link to a state rather than show it on an ng-click
bd-: ui-sref=&quot;singleEmployees({id:whatever.id})&quot; if using ui-router
Jose__: Hello
runtyrobot: that does make more sense - thank you :)
bd-: you can use $state.go(...) if that's easier than putting it in markup
runtyrobot: seeing as I need it fetched when the param is set - the link is probably the way to go.
None
ngbot: angular.js/master ec83b04 Peter Bacon Darwin: revert:fix(input): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
ngbot: angular.js/master 606ea5d Peter Bacon Darwin: fix($compile): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x d36b5c2 Peter Bacon Darwin: revert:fix(input): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x d5d9ad1 Peter Bacon Darwin: fix($compile): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
tangorri: hi
runtyrobot: mmm bacon.
tangorri: angular.io is still down ?
Pyrrhus666: it was never down/
amergin: it's not down
None
runtyrobot: Works fine here
tangorri: just me so but why :D
tangorri: why ME ?
cojack: Pyrrhus666: yeap, we're done, each of us have different purpose  ;)
runtyrobot: cache ?
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.4.x ff74511 Peter Bacon Darwin: revert:fix(input): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
ngbot: angular.js/v1.4.x 35f3a4a Peter Bacon Darwin: fix($compile): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
tangorri: hmm dns cache flushed still fail to connect with encrypt
Pyrrhus666: tangorri: it&acute;s on your end it seems. you&acute;re not in china behind the big firewall ? or turkey ?
tangorri: Pyrrhus666, maybe worst ?! france
tangorri: a friend of mine, near from my place has not the issue
Pyrrhus666: nah, enough french people here having no problems.
tangorri: ping/dns is ok
tangorri: just kidding ;)
Pyrrhus666: corporate firewall ?
tangorri: nope
tangorri: maybe hyper-v bridge ?
tangorri: hmm that's maybe because of the vEthernet bridge
tangorri: sorry that's not angular ^^
None
tangorri: same result
tangorri: ping angular.io gave me the good ip
Pyrrhus666: what _is_ the result ? a firebase not found page ?
tangorri: &quot;ere having no pr&quot;
tangorri: sorry : &quot;failt to connect&quot; (firefox) same for ie
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s at the network level. so your problem is somewhere there.
Pyrrhus666: if you get the firebase page, it would be a http header problem
tangorri: firebase ? never used that
Pyrrhus666: but angular.io does ;)
nishu-tryinghard: i have a normal li and a ng-repeat li inside ul on which i created a directive to play with DOM and understand how jquery function can be done in jqlite.but element. anything works on normal li the ng-repeat li has no effect.
nishu-tryinghard: element.anything:
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: how to verbaline one line of code?
nishu-tryinghard: need a plunkr?
nishu-tryinghard: give me a min
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: not yet... but I didn't understand the issue
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: timing issue ? when the li&acute;s are rendered by the repeat vs. when you try to &acute;element&acute; them ?
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.2.x ed44dd0 Peter Bacon Darwin: revert:fix(input): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
ngbot: angular.js/v1.2.x b8a0ecd Peter Bacon Darwin: fix($compile): ensure that hidden input values are correct after history.back...
nishu-tryinghard: nope i did that after waiting for few sec and i have only 1 data in my array
nishu-tryinghard: its just i created a directive with type A just to access the DOM and play with the available functions. And i attached that to a ul which had li and li with ng-repeat i accessed the element and chaged the color but only the static li changes but not the ng-repeated one
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: scope issue?
nishu-tryinghard: not dependent on scope click and all other DOM funtions on static li but when it comes to the ng-repeated one nothing happens.
runtyrobot: Every time I try to use the html5mode, I get the annoying &quot;it works!&quot; apache message -- everything is pointed via .htaccess to index.html -- but I keep getting it. Anyone experienced similar things?
geoid_: are dynamic filters possible in AngularJS 1.x?
geoid_: E.g. I have an array of data which includes metadata about the type of data included as values, and also metadata about the filter that should be used... then in the view dynamically assigning the correct filter from the metadata.
icebox: geoid_: custom filters
icebox: runtyrobot: it is not due to html5mode... it is due to your document root... check the configuration file
icebox: runtyrobot: (don't forget welcome.conf)
None
nishu-tryinghard: the last li which is ng-repeated doesnt respond to the DOM in link
Felishia: help
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.4.x 6a7d715 Peter Bacon Darwin: test(input-hidden): fix linting issue
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: that li isn&acute;t rendered yet when the link function is called, afaik.
nishu-tryinghard: so i have to make use of compile?
nishu-tryinghard: but link is for post which should have all the things rendered?
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, can you tell me technical term for this issue?
Pyrrhus666: what are you trying to accomplish.
Pyrrhus666: it&acute;s a bug ;)
nishu-tryinghard: just practising DOM related angular functionalities
nishu-tryinghard: i just to register cllick event for all the li which are rendered via ng-repeat
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: just use ng-click on each li.
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s the angular way to add a click handler...
nishu-tryinghard: yes i know ehehe, but try to practice DOM
nishu-tryinghard: trying*
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: angular is for apps... jquery is for dm
Pyrrhus666: ok, but this is a bit silly.
icebox: *dom
Felishia: how the hell do I debug angular stuff?
icebox: Felishia: as usual, with devtools
Pyrrhus666: Felishia: console.log. chrome debugger. batarang.
SaltyCatFish: batarang's pretty decent
nishu-tryinghard: ohhh... i thought i DOM is also a core thing in angular dev
Pyrrhus666: SaltyCatFish: I hate it. but that&acute;s me, me and batarang don&acute;t get along ;)
SaltyCatFish: Pyrrhus666: I've found it useful for tracking down scopes... thats about it.
icebox: never used batarang :)
Pyrrhus666: SaltyCatFish: yeah, that&acute;s what I used it for too, or tried to at least ;)
nishu-tryinghard: i thing accessing angular.element($0).scope() is good for debug
nishu-tryinghard: think*
SaltyCatFish: icebox: Not missing much, when i started angular it was cool to see... but after that, i just console.log'd everything.
icebox: SaltyCatFish: breakpoints are better :)
Felishia: how the hell do I debug angular stuff?
Pyrrhus666: console.log working with references is nice, is somewhat confusing at times :)
Pyrrhus666: Felishia: console.log. chrome debugger. batarang.
icebox: Felishia: as usual, wuth devtools
Felishia: Pyrrhus666, console.log doesn't work it's html
Felishia: or wanna be html
icebox: Felishia: do you mean how to debug templates?
Elarcis: Felishia: then you have too much code in your html
Pyrrhus666: Felishia: dom inspector ?
Elarcis: icebox: show devtools some wuve
nishu-tryinghard: Felishia, just try angular.element($0).scope().controller-alias: to get all the scope content
Felishia: icebox, yes
icebox: Elarcis: :P
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: using Batarang is simpler :D
Felishia: no but I want to debug on change
icebox: Felishia: you can't... it is html... you need to debug the code called in html
SaltyCatFish: icebox: Yeah, your 100% right, and I'm 100% a slack ass.  Never went in depth on break points.  New Years resolution 2017. =P
Pyrrhus666: just console.log your whole scope and poke around in it ;)
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, maybe i just got used to that; and yes batarang is simpler
None
tangorri: Pyrrhus666, ok more detail, goind to angular.io firefox says is not secured connexion when url uses https
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, so what if i wanted to do DOM and things like ng-repeated bugs happen?
Felishia: then can anyone give me an idea why that doesn
Felishia: 't work
Felishia: I'm new to angular...
Pyrrhus666: tangorri: and when you add an exception to accept the certificate anyway ?
tangorri: just can't
Pyrrhus666: seems your rootCA is f*cked.
Pyrrhus666: can&acute;t ? why not ?
Pyrrhus666: advanced -: scroll down -: add exception ?
Elarcis: Felishia: hm, what's not working on your app? you mean your model is not updated?
tangorri: ok ok :)
None
tangorri: chrome says the CA is valid but won't connect
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: I  don&acute;t understand what you&acute;re getting at ?
SaltyCatFish: Off topic... does anyone use docker... does anyone use docker in production?
Felishia: Elarcis, the ng-show property doesn't show anything when I update newTeacher.first_name and newTeacher.last_name
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, so in my case ng-repeat was not rendered bt the time link was executed so what can i do to see that link has the correct DOM data of the rendered li which were generated via ng-repeat
nishu-tryinghard: by*
icebox: Felishia: did you initialize your teacher object in the scope?
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: it will never see the rendered html. that&acute;s how angular works (in this case).
Elarcis: Felishia: ng-model procedes to a validation of your model when you change the value. if the value is invalid, the model is set to undefined
Elarcis: Felishia: so yourField.$invalid &amp;&amp; yourModel will always evaluate to false :D
Felishia: Elarcis, I just found that out D:
Felishia: how do I get it when its field value?
Felishia: how do I get its field value instead?
Elarcis: Felishia: you have two options. either replace newTeacher.first_name with newTeacherForm.firstName.$dirty
Elarcis: Felishia: or use a ng-model-options=&quot;{allowInvalid: true}&quot; so that the model gets set even if the validation fails
Elarcis: Felishia: $dirty will evaluate to true if your field has been touched. so if the user clicks in the field and leaves it empty, it will trigger
Elarcis: Felishia: (you can replace it with $touched, it will trigger only when the user blurs/leaves the field for the first time)
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, lets say i just want to add a class to the child li when i click on them? the how can i do that? The only option i have is via DOM
icebox: Elarcis: (you should contribute a page on ngirc about form validation) :)
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, can you help me understand this?
Elarcis: icebox: yes I should
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: ng-click ?
Felishia: Elarcis, will allowInvalid make it so that the form will be valid even if the field is invalid?
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: you&acute;re trying to do something simple in a very convoluted, non-angular way. don&acute;t do that ;)
None
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: use ng-class
None
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, ah ! yes ng-class will take care of that. I was just focussing a lot on doing it via DOM
None
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: very quick and dirty, but showing there is not direct dom manipulation
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, ty i have used that in my projects but just wanted to do that via jqlite
Pyrrhus666: tangorri: antivirus should leave my browser alone. but that&acute;s me :)
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, ty for the example.
None
nishu-tryinghard: yes i was finding such urls, ty very much icebox
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: you are welcome
runtyrobot: icebox: Sorry - was away. Which settings are you talking about? In relation to apache (xampp stack in this case) or in relation to angular ?
tangorri: Pyrrhus666, well I won't disable nod32 will be back some days then
Pyrrhus666: tangorri: don&acute;t count on it.
bd-: nod32 it's best just to disable the http filtering entirely
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, it is still relevant to ng2?
bd-: had so many problems with that when we used it
Pyrrhus666: I always disable any http filtering, it&acute;s annoying.
bd-: infact uninstalling the whole thing is the best course of action
bd-: or you'll eventually encounter unbootable systesm because of some windows update that nod32 doesn't like
Pyrrhus666: nah, av needs to do file scanning, and nothing more. leave my browser and firewall alone :)
Elarcis: Felishia: the form will be invalid, but the model will still be set
Felishia: Elarcis, yes it works :D
Elarcis: Felishia: it's tricky to use, because then you don't have any guarantee on what's in your model
Felishia: I wonder who hires a reactjs developer to do angular jobs :(
zomg: why not?
sixsixsix: how can i use a checkbox to start and stop a timer, but at the same time show and hide a section?
None
sixsixsix: the begin session checkbox in the fiddle
Pyrrhus666: sixsixsix: have an on-change on the checkbox that calls a function to do that ?
sixsixsix: can you help me Im new to angularjs
None
None
antiPoP: The manual says: &quot;We've defined and used the service. Now we provide it for all components to use by adding it to a providers property in the AppModule metadata:&quot;
antiPoP: but I still have to import it... I'm not sure if I'm explaining this...
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: afaik importing is to use it yourself, providing it is so your children (components) can use it. but I might be wrong.
Jose__: Hello. I'm new to Angular. Maybe this is a stupid question, but I've noticed that most MEAN stack generators use Angular 1.X. I am starting a new project and I was wondering, first if it's a good idea to start with Angular 2.0, and secondly, where should I start. I've seen there are not many options in yeoman. Anybody has any sugestions?
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, the question is that Importing and adding it to the providers array in AppComponent does not makes it available to the other components, i need to do the import in each one
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, and what i understand reading  the manual is that it should become available
Pyrrhus666: you mean the ts import {} statement ?
antiPoP: yes
Pyrrhus666: the provides thing is angular, the import is typescript, to be able to code with it and compile it. if I understand it correctly...
Pyrrhus666: so compile-time vs. run-time ?
None
senayar: yes antiPoP
senayar: it's normal to have to include any components/directive to your's
antiPoP: HeroServioce is in te providers array in the module, but is also imported in all components
antiPoP: so, I need to add to the provider to make it work in the browser then?
antiPoP: as it's required in run-time?
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: I think so.
antiPoP: ok, thanks, the manual is confusing there...
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, so what is the correct way to see that other directive based elements are available inside link to do DOM. Like we have a directive template which uses some other directive element in its htm.
nishu-tryinghard: i can see that ng-repeat was not yet available in my case, what if there were 2 custom directives then how can i make sure the DOM doesnt have such bugs when one is used in the directive template of other?
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: google for &quot;angularjs nested directives&quot;
Pyrrhus666: what icebox says ;)
KosMar: Hi guys, any idea how to test an object property that is returned from a POST request would be great!
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: well... I don't copy and paste a link... because there are a few relevant links
icebox: KosMar: that is js... not angular :)
nishu-tryinghard: iam really sry its just iam unable to come up with anything event keywords, really ty for the response icebox and Pyrrhus666
nishu-tryinghard: event keywords today*
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: yes, I know... no problem
KosMar: its from my angular app and i wanna test it with jasmine so i thought is relevant. Cheers anyway :D
None
KosMar: thanks buddy
sonda: hi... i am on ubuntu developing applications that involve angular JS and Node JS
sonda: i want to use sublime text 3 as the IDE
sonda: but the jsFormat plugin doesn't format js code similar to webstorm
sonda: any way to make the beautifier identical to webstorm
icebox: sonda: no
heartburn: ggVG= is the best beautifier there is m8
icebox: heartburn: :P
sonda: ggVg?
icebox: sonda: Vim
heartburn: my electric bass just caught some radio station.
heartburn: sonda: gg - got to the first line, V - enter visual selection mode, G - go to the end of file, = - beautify
icebox: heartburn: but not like webstorm :)
sonda: the only difference i see with jsFormat is it puts a space while formatting objects
sonda: say i have var d={x: 10}   it makes it var d={ x: 10 }
heartburn: ew
Pyrrhus666: funny, I&acute;ve never used a formatter in vim. but I do love my gq} to reflow mail :)
sonda: so when i pull in other developer's code and make changes,, so many things show up in git diff
icebox: off... bye
Pyrrhus666: bye icebox
Pyrrhus666: sonda: you could ditch sublime and use vscode. add some nice linter/formatter settings a-la webstorm to it and be done. should be possible.
sonda: is it free?
Pyrrhus666: vscode is free
sonda: ok let me check... thanks Pyrrhus666
None
sonda: oh i am on ubuntu
Pyrrhus666: me too ;)
icebox: formatting is evil.. usually I write the code on one line :)
sonda: its for windows i guess
wafflejock: icebox, like a pro :)
Pyrrhus666: sonda: nope.
icebox: wafflejock: no... they use 0 and 1 :)
bd-: i like webstorm but whenever i use any jetbrains product my whole computer runs like shit
Pyrrhus666: Felishia: that&acute;s my fetish. but why ?
Felishia: I'm cat ^o.o^
Felishia: I'm hungry
wafflejock: bd-, they aren't super light but not as heavy as VS itself or Eclipse so feels relatively ok to me, just need lots of expendable RAM
sonda: screenshot looks good
Pyrrhus666: Felishia: my 14 year old giant cat will get jealous and attack you ;)
sonda: downloading
bd-: VS (not sure about vs.code) has always performed way better for me
bd-: although i'm using jetbrains stuff on linux
bd-: so can't compare exactly
Felishia: but I needs food
Felishia: Pyrrhus666, but I'm a cheetah cat
bd-: eclipse runs like shit too, actually any java desktop app runs like arse
wafflejock: bd-, ah well I haven't used VS regularly either for a few years so maybe it's gotten better, before anytime I would actually run a .NET project whole thing would come to a crawl
Pyrrhus666: eclipse on linux runs ok. on windows it&acute;s hell :)
wafflejock: only thing I've used eclipse for recently was debugging some Node stuff which it was actually pretty decent for, but before that was using Flex builder which was a stack of plugins on Eclipse and all the plugins made it like molasses
bd-: datagrip is sitting there running doing fuck all... and yet it's consuming 10% cpu. whit
Pyrrhus666: flex as in the flash derivative ?
Pyrrhus666: is that still around ?
wafflejock: yeah don't judge :)
wafflejock: no
Pyrrhus666: I&acute;ve done flash. and flex. waaaaaaaay back when ;)
wafflejock: I was doing it around 2011
bd-: did they abandon flex or what?
Pyrrhus666: dunno what adobe did with it.
wafflejock: it became an apache project but basically yeah cause it required Flash VM
Pyrrhus666: sounds like abandonware then...
wafflejock: no Flash on iOS and eventually Android threw in the towel I had given up somewhere between
bd-: i know a few years back a big government IT project commited to using flex instead of just making webapps like everyone said they should
bd-: eventually got abandoned and wasted hundreds of millions of pounds
bd-: good job government
wafflejock: Angular was conceptually an easy transition though, in Flex you write AS3 to define MXML components you use in markup, in Angular you use JS to define elements you use in HTML
Pyrrhus666: at some point in time flash or flex on desktop was a better experience by far over webapps. but that was a long time ago...
bd-: this was ~2009 maybe
bd-: maybe a bit later
bd-: at the point it was pretty clear that flash was on the way out and web was the way forward
Pyrrhus666: funny. I think some flash stuff I turned into a windows executable in like 2005 is probably still used :)
wafflejock: yeah well since JS has canvas and video and audio built in sort of makes it unnecessary, I liked that AS3 was OOP with optional dynamic properties
Pyrrhus666: yeah 2009 was too late.
kaak: what is the idiomatic way to change css properties such as bottom, height, and color in angular?
Pyrrhus666: ng-style ?
sonda: Pyrrhus666: i installed vscode... any idea how to customize code formatter settings?
Pyrrhus666: some stuff is in user settings. other stuff is done via installed formatters.
Pyrrhus666: ctrl+shift+p -: &uml;Install Extensions&uml; -: search for formatters
optikalmouse: are the docs for angularjs2.io going to be updated? the quickstart is using 2.0.1 still
optikalmouse: and I ran into an issue with forms and ngModel
rangu: Hello guys
rangu: What's the best way to select a default value in angular 2 select box?
rangu: My default value would be something like... &quot;Select an option&quot;
rangu: the other options would be some ng-models
rangu: or some objects, to be honest.
rangu: I think the way you call this is placeholder value.
rangu: I'm getting the elements from an API tho.
rangu_: Sorry
rangu_: the proxy kicked me out.
rangu_: Does anyone know how to set a placeholder value to the select-box?
senayar: yes rangu_ : option value=&quot;&quot; disabled selected:Select your option/option:
rangu_: senayar: But I have an ng-for in angular 2.
None
rangu_: senayar: Omg, great. Let me see if it works :)
None
optikalmouse: is anyone using angularjs2 in production with es6/javascript rather than typescript?
rangu_: senayar: It didn't really work for me
rangu_: what should I have in the [selected]?
antiPoP: &quot;EXCEPTION: Error in ./MyApp class MyApp - inline template:0:0 caused by: No component factory found for TabsPage&quot; why this error ?
None
baako: hi guys if i inject a dependency can i use that service dependency dependency?
baako: has usual was doing something wrong
Scooby: baako:  Could you tell me, what is the Angular2 home website, where I can look up what libraries different classes exist in.   ie: like FormBuilder and how it is in /angular2/common.
baako: Scooby, you are asking the wrong guy
nerdin: hello. i'm using &quot;$http.get&quot; to load a JSON in an specific id order, but when i console.log the output the order are reversed. could someone help me?
bd-: nerdin: are you doing multiple .get calls in a for loop or something?
None
nerdin: bd-: nope
heartburn: nerdin: post a plunker
bd-: Scooby: that is the website, disable antivirus or fortigate
bd-: nerdin: what do you mean by specific id order
heartburn: nerdin: that likely happens because the backend serves you stuff in such order
heartburn: $http doesn't manipulate response body so that's the most likely cause
heartburn: unless you do.
bd-: or multiple are being called in a synchronous manner but the callbacks being triggered in reverse
nerdin: bd-: on the broser my json render: {&quot;10286&quot;:{&quot;title&quot;:&quot;...&quot;},&quot;10285&quot;:{&quot;title&quot;:&quot;...&quot;}} // on the console.log it renders: {&quot;10285&quot;:{&quot;title&quot;:&quot;...&quot;},&quot;10286&quot;:{&quot;title&quot;:&quot;...&quot;}}
nerdin: heartburn: nope
bd-: oh right, it's not an array
bd-: those aren't sorted structure
heartburn: right
nerdin: bd-: not broser.. browser, sorry
bd-: you can't guarentee order of keys in an object
bd-: but if it's in an object, i'm not sure why you even need it in a specific order?
nerdin: bd-: in this case how shoud i write my json to ensure order?
heartburn: you kinda can create a new {} and populate it in some specific order, but that is not guaranteed to work and pretty wonky solution regardless.
bisch: Just noticed something strange.  If I create a directory with just an empty package.json and do &quot;npm install --save angular-sanitize&quot; it installs version 1.2.31, if I immediately do an npm update it updates it to 1.5.8, which is like a whole bunch of versions newer...
heartburn: nerdin: better convert it to a regular array
bd-: nerdin: Object.keys(data).sort().forEach((index) = : { data[index]; }
bisch: npm show angular-sanitize shows that 1.2.31 was recently added and it's at the end of the version list (which should not mean anything with keys like &quot;1.2.31&quot;: &quot;date...&quot;)
nerdin: bd-: thanks for the javascript solution, but i think it would be better for me to fix it on the server side script i use to output json. could you suggest me a output template?
bisch: Actually, I see that npm show has the top level &quot;version&quot; attribute set to 1.2.31.  Is this a mistake?
rand0m: you bisch
bd-: nerdin: did you actually test it? because it seems chrome reorders objects when you console.log them
rand0m: haha, sorry I couldn't help myself
rand0m: hey bd-
bd-: so maybe angular would have your object in correct order anyway
bisch: you rand0m - I guess it doesn't have the same ring to?
bisch: it?
rand0m: nah
rand0m: unless its a code for something whack
nerdin: bd-: i'm using the php function json_encode to output an php array. maybe this is not the best way right?
bd-: the php array isn't a real array though, right?
DelphiWorld: yo
bd-: as in, you're using it as an id-:obj mappnig?
bd-: from the example you pasted it looks like id numbers and not an array that's seqential and starts from 0
bd-: so, either you do [{id:10285,title:&quot;...&quot;, ... }] or just serve them as a map and reorder
bd-: but tbh i think angular will have it in the right order and it's chrome reordering it only on console.log
bisch: So, anyway, on the angular-sanitize thing:  1) is that a real problem or just me?  2) if it is, is it a fundamental angular problem, or some sort of npm repo problem?
nerdin: bd-: actually it's a real array, and angular is reordering because even when i reverse the php array on the server the order angular outputs on ng-repeat are the same as before.
heartburn: nerdin: angular doesn't reorder anything, man.
heartburn: do you us
heartburn: e any filters?
heartburn: orderBy in the view or something?
m0ltar: Hi. I inherited this really weird project that uses terrible practices. But I want to start building new parts in Angular. But I wondering if it's possible to unload angular app completely and return back to the legacy UI on the back button?
heartburn: post a plunker already?
m0ltar: Basically I plan to set ng-app=&quot;...&quot; on the wrapper of one page, that actually has server side content generated in it already, but when users click something, reload it with angular, but when users go back, i want to be able to go back to legacy
nerdin: heartburn: i dont use orderBy, but thanks for the tip, i tried, and it doest not work too.
nerdin: heartburn: ng-repeat=&quot;story in stories track by story.id | orderBy:id:false&quot;
None
nerdin: heartburn: true does not work too
zomg: m0ltar: that isn't going to work very well with angular I think
m0ltar: ya i figured it's too much to ask :D
zomg: the problem is if you have some data rendered into dom (let's say it's a list)
zomg: angular doesn't have a mechanism to read that in, so you'd basically have to also have some mechanism of giving the same data to angular
zomg: or otherwise if you use angular's functionality, the dom would just be cleared because from what angular sees, there's no data to render
zomg: assuming you want to use angular and it would make sense for the type of app you're working on, here's one way to go about this:
zomg: instead of rendering some templates into markup, you can dump the same data as a JSON blob in a script tag
zomg: you can then have angular load the data from that JSON blob, and just do the whole rendering with angular
zomg: you can do this on a piece by piece basis, so you can start by adding some angular logic into one place, without having to redo your whole page
_ADN_: hi Guys
_ADN_: I put a $cookies.put('email_username',username) and then on another controller the $cookies.get('email_username')
_ADN_: but seems that I can NOT read the cookies
_ADN_: error says: Cannot read property 'get' of undefined
_ADN_: clearly $cookies is undefined but .... I am reading the cookies
_ADN_: which I can see it has a value of: test%40test.com
None
Mr_Grim1: hey
heartburn: _ADN_: you sure you injected $cookies in both controllers?
_ADN_: yes
_ADN_: .controller('HomeController',function($scope, $http, $location, $rootScope, $cookies) {
_ADN_:   $scope.sendMSISDN = function(msisdns, $rootScope, $cookies){
_ADN_: console.log(&quot;Cookies: &quot; + $cookies.get('email_username'));
_ADN_: and I put it in
_ADN_: .factory('AuthenticationService',
_ADN_:     ['Base64', '$http', '$cookies', '$rootScope', '$timeout',
heartburn: well, it shouldn't be undefined then.
_ADN_: Mmm  $cookies.put('email_username',username);
_ADN_: I can see the cookie being setup on the browser
_ADN_: but seems the get is failing
trwww: does anyone know of an angular-seed that has been converted to ui-router ?
heartburn: i guess you're not injecting it correctly in the second controller that has the .get()
heartburn: what does console.log($cookies) say?
_ADN_: Cookies: undefined
_ADN_: I suppose the $cookies itself
heartburn: yes, it's not injected. could you post a plunker with these controllers?
None
None
None
_ADN_: many thanks hearturn I will double check the $cookies injection
_ADN_: if I do not fnd anything I will put a plunker
PsiloSpore: Hey guys I'm trying to implement my own ErrorHandler that has a dependency on Router and I'm getting &quot;ncaught Error: Provider parse errors: Cannot instantiate cyclic dependency! ApplicationRef_: in NgModule AppModule&quot;
None
wafflejock: PsiloSpore, in general means you have A depends on B depends on C depends on A or some such cycle where any provider can't be created because there is a cycle in the dependencies not sure I totally grok the cycle there though
wafflejock: ah okay so the Router must use the ErrorHandler
wafflejock: so when you make the ErrorHandler depend on the router it's a cycle cause you can't make the Router without the ErrorHandler and vice versa I would guess
wafflejock: PsiloSpore, yeah looks like the ErrorHandler is a property of the Router class so the router has an instance of the ErrorHandler, what're you trying to do with the Router in there anyhow?
remmy: Hello guys, can I execute an http.post without subscribing?
remmy: like thoughram with async pipes in http.get?
PsiloSpore: wafflejock: so I am trying to create a generic way to handle unexpected errors. So I wanted my own ErrorHandler to catch any unexpected errors and reroute to some page to nicely display them.
None
Varman: I have a general question. I am new in angular and I am i a middle of learning angular 1
wafflejock: remmy, what do you mean by without subscribing?
Varman: However I want to know do I need to continue learning angular 1 or I should drop it and start learning Angular 2?
Migs: I personally haven't bothered with Angular 2 yet. I like Angular 1 just fine.
Migs: it might be worth it, since you're new, to just use Angular 2, though
wafflejock: Varman, ng 1 has more samples and more stuff ready to go and pretty well tested etc. etc. but if you really like TS or are looking more towards the future would look more into ng 2, personally an ng 1 dev but planning to start doing more ng2 in actual work soon
Nasp: Varman ditch angular 1
Nasp: Go directly to 2
zomg: the answer isn't so straightforward
PsiloSpore: wafflejock: I wanted to be able to catch any error without explicitly having a try catch. However I just spoke to a more senior dev here and he didn't like the idea of me rerouting a suggested I instead have something in the base component that would catch any errors. So I might not need the Router in my ErrorHandler implementation now :/
zomg: if you're just learning for learning's sake, ng2 is probably a good choice then
zomg: otherwise it kinda depends
None
wafflejock: PsiloSpore, ah well disaster averted :)
PsiloSpore: thanks for the help though!
wafflejock: no prob
Varman: Thanks for responses. In that case may be rhe better choice is to finalize ng1 course and start ng2. Isn't it a right way tp go?
wafflejock: yah agree with that article too lots of good points
wafflejock: but I am really wanting to get started with some of the TS so for side stuff at least I'm willing to deal with lack of libraries and stumbling around in the dark as things move around me
remmy: wafflejock: Let me show you.
Mr_Grim1: What channel on free node would help me make a proper build process for an HTML5 angular app?
Mr_Grim1: Im using bower to grab all of my components and I'm including them using regular script: tags which works great for development but what about for deployment?
Mr_Grim1: are there tools out there to help me minify all my JS files into one file and same for the css?
Mr_Grim1: Well css doesn't matter so much
None
remmy: wafflejock: First example without subscribing, and the second one subscribing
wafflejock: remmy, would have to see the searchService itself and what the search function is returning, haven't seen .subscribe on any of the built in objects though, like $http has .post and .get for using the appropriate method and parsing of the body/response
None
wafflejock: er at least something I'm not aware of
wafflejock: Mr_Grim1, webpack, gulp, grunt, from newest to oldest
Mr_Grim1: Ok thanks
Mr_Grim1: i looked at gulp
Mr_Grim1: Grunt should also do the same though yes?
remmy: wafflejock: This is angular 2, just in case.
wafflejock: gulp is very popular still I think, webpack is a bit more &quot;focused&quot; and uses some more advanced things in terms of packaging the code in bundles
wafflejock: remmy, ah good to know :) yeah I haven't seen subscribe so can't really help ya there but in the old ng1 stuff there is just a regular post call
wafflejock: Mr_Grim1, grunt also serves the same purpose but grunt is one big config where gulp you are piping data in and out of various functions, personally like gulp more now but I started with Grunt before gulp was a thing
wafflejock: Mr_Grim1, with grunt you tend to config one plugin to pick up source files then put them somewhere temporary then the next plugin picks up the files and does stuff and keeps happening, with gulp you load a set of files pipe it through a bunch of things then write to disk at the end, tends to be a bit easier to understand IMO
Mr_Grim1: That does sound less complicated yes
bisch: is gulp-tsc still the preferred plugin for angular 1.5.x and typescript 2.x?
Scooby: Can someone please help.  I am learning about Observables.  I am trying to get this to work in my AppConfig() { Constructor() { var keyups = Observable.fromEvent($(&quot;#search&quot;), &quot;keyup&quot;);  keyups.subscribe(data =: console.log(data));  }} but nothing prints in the console.
None
Scooby: Would anyone be able to see what I'm doing wrong.
Scooby: Sorry that code is in my app.component.ts
Scooby: The problem is nothing is printing in the console when I type in the textbox.
rand0m: hey Scooby
rand0m: whats up Scooby doo
rand0m: is that React
rand0m: oh Angular2
rand0m: can't say I can help you there, sorry.
None
rand0m: looks like a jq promise inside subscrib
rand0m: +E
Scooby: ran0m:  I am trying to run this example from the Udemy.com class that I'm taking but it nothing  happens.
Scooby: It's supposed to print in the console window when you type in the textbox.
wafflejock: Scooby, the text box doesn't exist when the constructor runs it seems
None
rand0m: wafflejock, scooby left before he read your comment :(
wafflejock: yah happens... too often :( all good
rand0m: its sad that someone comes in with hopes of getting their problem solved, and this room rarely speaks up and the user leaves dejected
wafflejock: yah I don't have an NG 2 environment here locally to try stuff out quickly yet, just found that plnkr but previous ones I've tried had failed in the past, lack enough ng 2 experience to help without just trying things though at this point
wafflejock: usually I try to point the ng2 people to gitter or slack since I think that's where they are trying to keep the chat for ng2 help, but haven't really used those myself so can't say how active they are
rand0m: I don't even know ng1 properly, so I dont know anything about ng2
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.2.x 5730c66 Peter Bacon Darwin: docs(CHANGELOG): add 1.2.32 release notes
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.4.x d556519 Peter Bacon Darwin: docs(CHANGELOG): add release notes for 1.2.32 and 1.4.14
wafflejock: balr0g, o/
