effjeess: hey guys, I'm looking at spinners for $http, does it have an auto time out though where it will eventually fail if no response?
effjeess: something set by default, just so it resoles to something eventually
None
effjeess: COOL thanks i really didnt want to add $timeout
effjeess: i'm using angular and bootstrap, I'm pretty sure I've seen it where you set it up to make a short alert popup but it is only TEMPORARY, is the timer based on an angular timeout to close a display or is there some auto magic way to hide the alert
effjeess: like hide &quot;success&quot; message after 5 seconds
effjeess: i guess its called a Flash message and it seems I need to add a timeout to revert from success to fail
wafflejock: effjeess, depends on the directive you use for showing those messages most of em I've seen allow you to specify a timeout on the provider during config or per message you show
wafflejock: effjeess, check out angular toast or angular growl v2
effjeess: I'm really new to angular so just trying to stay vanilla
effjeess: but with bootstrap
wafflejock: effjeess, yeah you can do it yourself but might as well check out the code that's out there for ideas on how to organize things
effjeess: is a directive like a module?
effjeess: for node
theblang: is the one-way binding syntax only available for components, or can I use it in declaring isolateScope for directives?
wafflejock: a directive allows you to specify some code that will run when something is found in the markup, it's the way you should do any sort of DOM manipulation or add behaviors to elements
wafflejock: effjeess, like when you see ng-if or ng-class or ng-click all those things are directives, just ones that are built into the framework because they're common cases
effjeess: ok, look like i should study that up a bit righ tnow
effjeess: i learned react before this, and I see where angular can be so much easier if I have simple forms and not really worrie about dynamic displays
None
wafflejock: Think if you get that and the dependency injection and guess the $digest cycle then you'll have a pretty good grasp on a lot of the under workings of angular, can also hit the view source on directives in the reference to see how they work
Null_: hey, am I able to import export controllers, or do I have to use the include them on my html page, and this is without using some babel like transformer
theshadowmonkey: Hey, can we use a string to pass to ng-pattern and use new RegExp ?
zomg: theshadowmonkey: try it and see.. iirc it just takes an expression, thus as long as it looks like a regex it oughta work
theshadowmonkey: zomg, I tried using a string and converting it and it doesn't work. For e.g.; new RegExp('/^\d{10}/') doesn't work but assigning /^\d{10}/ directly works
wrkrcoop: if i make a post request and get a 200 response, i want to load another page &hellip; should i be redirecting the user? is the best pratice to use state.go?
theshadowmonkey: wrkrcoop, You can use state.go if you are having states. And save the post response or data state in a service
zomg: theshadowmonkey: odd
zomg: theshadowmonkey: perhaps try regex.toString() where regex is from new RegExp?
theshadowmonkey: wrkrcoop, Thats the best pattern I have seen everywhere. using $location is another way, but state.go might be better
wrkrcoop: theshadowmonkey: well i have using $stateProvider &hellip; im guessing that means im using state right?
wrkrcoop: ok ill use state.go
zomg: wrkrcoop: the answer depends on how your app works
zomg: if your app is already using states, and there's a state which represents the result of this request, then yeah state.go
wrkrcoop: hm ok
wrkrcoop: thanks
theshadowmonkey: zomg, But the ng-pattern expects a regular expression on the scope and not a string
wrkrcoop: and i imagine i need to inject $state in my controller yeah?
zomg: theshadowmonkey: if it does then new RegExp should work, ie. $scope.foo = new RegExp(stuff)
theshadowmonkey: Yeah I am using $scope.foo = new RegExp('/^\d{10}/') doesn't work as expected
theshadowmonkey: zomg, btw Im using this inside of a directive
zomg: what's the problem with that?
bisch: theshadowmonkey, = new RegExp('foo'); seems to work just like = /foo/; and just using plain string: = 'foo'; seems to be the same as = /^foo$/;
bisch: theshadowmonkey, but, you probably meant to do new RegExp('^\d{10}'); which doesn't seem to work either but new RegExp('^[0-9]{10}'); does - for me at least..
scssquatch: Hey all, when you're using &quot;controllerAs&quot; how do you decide what to name that? Trying to balance clarity and brevity.
scssquatch: like.. indexCtrl? resourceName:Ctrl?
scssquatch: in this instance my resource name is far too long to be repeated all over my markup
bisch: scssquatch, vm
scssquatch: but then what if you have nested controllers?
rand0m: Null_
rand0m: you still here/?
Null_: yup
Null_: i realize browser can't do import
bisch: you rand0m
rand0m: hey you bisch
theshadowmonkey: bisch, thanks. I'll try a different one and see
rand0m: Null_, I suggest you look into yeoman generators for angular
rand0m: they usually have a project set up with controller exporting, etc
Null_: yeah, i'm trying to stick pretty simple, I come from node so i though it might be easy to do, but after some research just gonna include into html with script tags
scssquatch: does everyone use 'vm'?
Null_: oh how do I print out scope, like i have lots of variables in scope, i can do {{form | json}} for my form variables, but is there anyway to output everything set in scope
scssquatch: so like.. 'vm' is the _main_ view model controller but if you need a nested controller give it a name?
m0ltar: Can't wrap my head around this. Q about ng1. I'm using router ui and need to define a section on the page that is shared by the entire application (e.g. status messages or nav). I was successful doing that. However, when I call $stage.go('^.list') from &quot;.add&quot; stage and I add a message to the service I created that is supposed to be displayed in the message view (&quot;successfully created...&quot;) the message is not displayed. Seems like during state change
m0ltar:  the whole service gets reset...
scssquatch: could you add a $stateChangeSuccess watcher and inject the flash message service and post there assuming there's a message?
kinabalu: I'm looking to consume an API that has hypermedia links instead of PK's everywhere.  I've been using Restangular normally, how would I go about consuming this API so that I can grab the URI from the API and use it?
Null_: how do you i know when I can just do .controller('MovieController', function($scope, $http){ or I need to use the array format with ['$scope', '$http', function?
martin_langhoff: tap tap tap - is this thing working?
Null_: YES HELP ME !
martin_langhoff: heh :-)
martin_langhoff: I'm on Angular 1.2 + ui-router, and having a v odd situation, can't spot any docs that'd help
Null_: HOW DOES THAT HELP ME?
martin_langhoff: in summary: I have a service that manages a complex directive (angular-ui-calendar, wraps fc-calendar)...
martin_langhoff: when calling $state.go() the new scope gets setup before the old scope gets torn down.
martin_langhoff: even if I say {reload: true }
martin_langhoff: in $state.go()
martin_langhoff: my complex service does good cleanup / gc, but it depends on $scope.destroy events firing before the new scope is brought up
mst: Null_: the prototype parsing is fine in development but minification wants the array format so it can squish the function parameters
mst: Null_: so you can do it fine for the moment, but please go clean it up before you go live (I do that for experimentation all the time btw)
Null_: OOHHH ok, you some kind of rocket scientist
Null_: very smart man
Null_: swimming in sea of women no doubt
Null_: hey is there a difference between .catch and .error when using $http?
wafflejock: mst, you can use a plugin to add the annotations for you before the minification step this way can't mess up the order of the strings compared to the arguments and less code to look at and type
ClaraRockbelll: hi there
None
fjeekssslaa: guys i'm using GET to update my field's data on button push, to update my existing $scope data, is lodash the best method to update the object easily?
None
None
wafflejock: GhostChilli, you probably want ng-src
wafflejock: GhostChilli, but also you should try to avoid doing DOM manipulation anywhere except in directive code and just use directives like ng-if ng-show or ng-hide to toggle if something is displayed or with ng-if removed from the DOM conditionally
GhostChilli: Yeah, it's a bit of a hack job between jquery and angular. I'll see if I can work that into the project.
wafflejock: GhostChilli, meaning places you do $(id).show() or other jQuery stuff that is &quot;reading&quot; the view from the controller and setting properties, rather set a property in the model referenced by the scope (or on the item js objects themselves) then use directives in the view referencing the data
wafflejock: cool
feejss: i have a strange problem, at the top of my controller I call a function  getCompany() which is supposed to pull data, and I have function getCompany() {} defined in the same controller, but it seems like its not being hoisted properly, any suggestions?
feejss: oh i figured it out, it was hoisting, but I put it too high so a variable I needed asn't getting set
nishu-tryinghard: why the filter parameter are not updated when the param in changed, this only happens when the param is an object and the one of its key is changed. created a plunkr v
None
jabowa: Hello, has anyone tried using the angular2 (with the ng cli) alongside an express server?
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, when you do this active: $scope.filter_options it is copying the value of 1 not the reference to the original number
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, i was thinking that as the filterObj changed it should reflect that in the filter.
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, right but filterObj isn't being changed only filter_options is
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, that change doesn't get reflected in the part that set the active properties value because that happened earlier and it isn't updated and it had just copied the value not a reference
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, i got an idea let me try something and will get back ty for the hint
wafflejock: jabowa, I haven't what's the issue though?
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, but as per js if i initialize the value it is reference that is applied instead of copying the value.
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, nope even if it has a value it's still just copying that value, if you had an object then you could have two references to that same object and when you change a property of the object then it would be reflected by both references, but with ints or strings that's not the case
None
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, even in the case of an object though we are making a copy of the reference not using the original reference so if we point one at a new object or value it wouldn't change the other pointer and object
wafflejock: but you change a property of the object and it's reflected from both references to that object
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, ty for the explanation that was helpful and clear
wafflejock: no problem glad you were able to decipher that :)
Elarcis: hi
wafflejock: o/
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, ah, that was just so dumb of me.
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, it's okay you were probably just trying to hard :)
wafflejock: too*
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, i have already worked on a whole website and couldnt catch that one eheeh, yes it would have been if i just started
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, if you were writing C it would have been the right thing to do, just slap a &amp; on there and call it a memory leak
nishu-tryinghard: yes i worked on c and C++ before started working on javascript and still code on some online Judge to solve problems
ngWalrus: you can write C for the web
wafflejock: ah nice yeah just blame it on the background :) I occasionally dip into C++ stuff playing with things like OpenFrameworks for getting data out of a kinect or messing with their other APIs lots of cool stuff in there
None
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, no blame i just mess up things badly and have to tryhard to recollect things
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, in the plnkr the li doesnt have the click event set as llink function is executed even before the ng-repeat is done
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, hmm yeah probably easiest way is to just have the directive applied directly to the li's instead of using the ul as a way to find the ones inside of there
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, the post link for the ng-repeat should run before the parent's post link I'm pretty sure but in a real scenario probably accounts is async but even in this case seems it doesn't have the li's stamped out by the time your directive runs
wafflejock: only other way I could see is to have your directive watch the accounts as well so it just updates sometime shortly after the accounts is populated, but directly on the li seems easiest
nishu-tryinghard: yes i thought of different ways, but this case can be a good way to learn more about directive life cycle and how nested directives work
None
wafflejock: I just had the &quot;talkative&quot; directive put stuff into the log and into an array to show as each part of the directive definition gets called
wafflejock: but in this case think it has something to do with the fact that ng-repeat is watching the accounts and actually making the elements on changes to that array
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, so we need to make use of postLink to achieve this?
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, well the regular link you're using is post link actually so what you're doing is &quot;right&quot; it's just not later than when the ng-repeat is doing it's work, would need to dig into the ng-repeat source here to know for sure, but running out for a few
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, will get back to after a while if i have any progress
wafflejock: cool gonna let my headphones charge for 5 then gonna run out for like 20 min probably
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, whats the time there?
wafflejock: going on 1AM for me near Chicago
nishu-tryinghard: and you are going for a run at that time!?
wafflejock: I always get on these weird sleep schedules though so gonna go cruise on the e-skateboard while the roads are open :)
wafflejock: haha
nishu-tryinghard: cool have fun
GhostChilli: after creating a series of elements using ng-repeat, I need to register event handlers on them. Any idea how?
zomg: GhostChilli: to do what?
zomg: in general you can use ng-click or such
GhostChilli: It's using the jquery UI draggable function. So I dynamically load and paginate images, but each image needs the 'draggable' event applied to it
zomg: so it's something like $(element).draggable(stuff) ?
GhostChilli: Yeah, after the ng-repeat has finished creating the dynamic elements, I need to do $('#draggable).draggable({params...});
None
zomg: if not, then the best way to do it would probably be to create a custom directive for it
zomg: so you can then do something like div my-draggable: ...
zomg: where my-draggable is the directive, which can then acccess the ele as it's created and can do whatever with it
ngWalrus: GhostChilli  if you have not looked in to Dragula you should
ngWalrus: if you can change your drag and drop
ngWalrus: lib thing
GhostChilli: Any library is fine, I just need to drag images from a gallery to a favourites panel (and neatly stack them)
ngWalrus: well even if you can't it's worth looking at for future projects that might need drag and drop
None
GhostChilli: That looks very nice
mbarra: hi guys, I'm looking for a good tutorial for beginners, someone?
ngWalrus: angular docs are a pretty good place to start
GhostChilli: I think I'll give that a shot instead of what I'm working with. Cheers
mbarra: I mean, a course about AngularJS, something like that
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard,  back how's it going?
None
None
Elarcis: hi icebox
icebox: Elarcis: hey
ngWalrus: oh man
None
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, hey was having bath and just now had breakfast. brb in 5min
parimal: hi
parimal: can someone explain how angular js is fatser than pure javascript
ngWalrus: uh what
icebox: parimal: well... if it is true, that is good :P
ngWalrus: faster to develop with maybe?
None
Pyrrhus666: read that last night. although it sounds cool, I couldn&acute;t help thinking how &acute;facebook&acute; is rapidly becoming an ecosystem in and of itself.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed
ngWalrus: wait
ngWalrus: does this mean I don't have to use the steaming pile of excrement that is npm
Pyrrhus666: ngWalrus: the client, yes. the registry, no.
ngWalrus: the client is the biggest problem
Pyrrhus666: I know, but just to be clear :)
ngWalrus: soon I won't have to use any non-facebook technologies
ngWalrus: :^)
Pyrrhus666: ngWalrus: switch to react and flow today !
ngWalrus: but since they pretty consistently seem to release good shit I don't see a problem
Pyrrhus666: ngWalrus: that&acute;s how they lull you into it ;)
Pyrrhus666: although you are right in the sense that until now it&acute;s all been good.
ngWalrus: well the popular stuff at least
Pyrrhus666: from HN about npm being shitty : &uml;You're not a package manager if you're not managing packages!! You're a glorified wget.&uml;
icebox: Fragmentation is a bit evil... I don't understand because people doesn't contribute
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I don&acute;t really understand the last part of your statement ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: forking vs. contributing
icebox: Pyrrhus666: same illness in js frameworks :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: it&acute;s everywhere in open source.
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 4f44e01 mohamed amr: fix($parse): treat falsy values as defined in assignment expressions...
icebox: Pyrrhus666: especially in js realm
wafflejock: meh think it's good for things to get forked a bit so people can try other things and if something works better can be the new mainline or can have it's bits that are good pulled in
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I don't see a lot of Boost C++ libraries clones
wafflejock: think fragmentation sucks when it's within some platform you're trying to deploy to like in the case with Android
icebox: wafflejock: agreed... a bit fragmentation is good for innovation
wafflejock: ya dunno about the yarn thing either though, buddy dropped me the link yesterday, performance improvements look mostly good on paper but thought npm 4 is meant to do a much better job by reading all the package.json files up front
wafflejock: unfortunately no idea when that will be released
wafflejock: seemed weird to me that they say yarn does a checksum but if it uses the npm registry not sure why the registry would provide the checksum and npm install wouldn't use it
Pyrrhus666: they seem to proxy npm (for now) through their own registry (regisrty.yarnpkg.com). maybe they added the checksums there ?
Pyrrhus666: could it be the old &uml;embrace, extend, extinguish&uml; ?
harsha: hello sir
harsha: i am trying to install angularjs1* version
None
wafflejock: icebox, oh nice... I was on that page but stopped reading after 3.10
wafflejock: hah
icebox: harsha: cool
wafflejock: Pyrrhus666, yah could be sucks having another point of failure for all the packages
harsha: but i am facing difficulty with downloading
Pyrrhus666: wafflejock: in a couple of years you&acute;ll be just programming in &acute;facebook&acute; ;)
icebox: wafflejock: I suppose npm 4 will be released with nodejs 7
icebox: harsha: well... we cannot fix your networking issues :)
harsha: I mean I am getting error while in the installation process
wafflejock: Pyrrhus666, yup have an occulus on hacking time on the facernet
icebox: harsha: installation process?
icebox: harsha: what are you doing?
wafflejock: harsha, can use pastebin or the like to show what commands you're using and what error you're getting for some context
None
wafflejock: icebox, yeah seems reasonable, the original article my buddy sent me was from one of the developers of Yarn talking about why he decided to get involved with it
icebox: wafflejock: yep... I read both...&quot;It also solves a number of problems that Facebook was encountering using npm at their unique global scale.&quot; it is a polite sentence to justify the fork
None
wafflejock: heh
icebox: wafflejock: for me it is always NIH syndrome... and nowadays there is a war about the ecosystem... I don't know if it is good or bad on long term
None
Pyrrhus666: corporations like facebook (or google or apple or microsoft or ...) rarely seem to act benevolently (if ever), they have their own agenda. so in the long run it&acute;ll probably be bad, unless the corporation itself is superseded by another and the cycle repeats.
ngWalrus: and that is why typescript is evil
Pyrrhus666: no more or less so than react, angular and flow.
Pyrrhus666: at least when programming angular in ts using vscode and yarn you serve the trifecta of evil :)
ngWalrus: except microsoft is overrepresnted
None
Pyrrhus666: ngWalrus: so use vim.
icebox: ngWalrus: maybe I am too old and my changing adversion is too high :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: it&acute;s not an age thing. I love TS :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: nowadays there is no editor fulfilling of all the needs a modern workflow pretend... also Vim doesn't suit perfectly to those challenges
icebox: Pyrrhus666: it is always a matter of 80/20 :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: hehe, true :)
Pyrrhus666: also : I tend to use eclipse, vscode and vim alongside eachother. sometimes even on the same project. my needs are filled, in a way :)
NiravRaval: hi
NiravRaval: can someone tell me, if I can use AngularJS 2 for Business purpose (Client Login and all these stuff)
NiravRaval: or it is only for Static pages ?
Pyrrhus666: NiravRaval: yes
Pyrrhus666: NiravRaval: no, it&acute;s meant to be dynamic, mostly for single page applications.
NiravRaval: ok
None
anli_: Will $http.get ensure that the scope is applied?
NiravRaval: thank you for the link :)
NiravRaval: i m learning with &quot;angular2-quickstart&quot;
icebox: NiravRaval: (usually angularjs is angular 1... angularjs 2 is abit confusing, angular 2 is better as reference... or ng1 and ng2)
NiravRaval: but it shows me live update of the page, which is very good for static page or SPA
icebox: NiravRaval: SPA is the main use case
NiravRaval: but when it comes to enterprise level, I have to manage each client seperately
NiravRaval: because each client has separate data,
icebox: NiravRaval: sure... are we talking ng1 or ng2?
NiravRaval: ng2
None
None
icebox: NiravRaval: ng2 is MV*, a framework to build apps using that pattern... you need to use develop your security or session layer... or using a thirdyparty lib
icebox: *you need to develop
NiravRaval: ok
NiravRaval: let me check the link you provided.
NiravRaval: thank you for your help and guidance :)
icebox: NiravRaval: you are welcome
smiche: is there a way to make the one-time binding wait for the object to be initialized?
smiche: before evaluating
icebox: smiche: don't fight the framework
icebox: smiche: if your view needs to wait any resource, use &quot;resolve&quot; feature of the router
piepl: Hey guys, concerning ng-hide. How to hide a div when javascript is out, but show when js is up
None
piepl: thanks ice, will read up with that
rand0m: morning icebox
icebox: rand0m: hey
Ankit: Hey
Ankit: I want to access an some api in app.config()
Ankit: How?
baako: morning guys, Pyrrhus666 can you sent me a snippet of your code? just the bit that shows how you handle error in restangular. Thanks
Pyrrhus666: baako: generally, I just call a method, like restangularObject:.put().then(success,error); I mean, it&acute;s just promises.
Pyrrhus666: in my cases, the error handler generally just displays an alert to tell the user something went wrong, the errors are in no way &acute;user servicable&acute; anyway.
baako: dont you log the error in some file or sent it to the web service to be investigated by someone?
Pyrrhus666: baako: the orignal error was caused server side, and logged there.
baako: hmmm
Pyrrhus666: client side errors are a possibility (the server being unreachable for instance), but aren&acute;t caught separately
icebox: Pyrrhus666: never recommend .then(success, error) :) ... always .then.catch :)
Pyrrhus666: you could of course use a third party logger.
Pyrrhus666: icebox: you&acute;re right, this is code from angular 1.2 days still in use ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: sigh for &quot;still&quot; :)
runtyrobot: I'm looking for recommendations on how to make an ng-model, which filters between two dates. I have the input fields.
Pyrrhus666: icebox: if it ain&acute;t broke.... ;)
runtyrobot: Do I have to make a custom filter of sorts?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed :P
Pyrrhus666: runtyrobot: chain 2 filters ? first a simple less than oldest, second greater than newest, the range is left ?
runtyrobot: Pyrrhus666: Still new to angular, I'll have to read up on chaining filters. Thanks :)
Pyrrhus666: runtyrobot: just pipe them together with | :)
Pyrrhus666: (or chain .filter().filter() in code, I guess)
runtyrobot: Pyrrhus666: I'm looking around trying to find some proper info on it. Could I trouble you for an example? (the date is dd/MM/yyyy, if that makes any difference)
Pyrrhus666: runtyrobot: ah dates, always fun. I only focussed on the &acute;range&acute; bit of your question at first :)
runtyrobot: Exactly :P
runtyrobot: but I would like how the range thing works, either way
Pyrrhus666: well, you&acute;ll need to get it into a Date object to do comparison first.
bd-: which you can use a filter to do, filters into filters into filters into filters
runtyrobot: Alrighty - I'll get on it
Pyrrhus666: runtyrobot: in this case I&acute;d probably do one custom filter, accepting input, mindate and maxdate. the function returns true/false based on whether input falls in the range.
runtyrobot: I'll get on it -- see what I can figure out :)
runtyrobot: thank you!
Pyrrhus666: runtyrobot: new Date(dateString) should suffice to parse. use Date.getTime() to do comparison
icebox: Pyrrhus666: comparison works automagically between date objects
bd-: momentjs also has a nice .isBetween function
Pyrrhus666: icebox: ah yes. silly me :)
Pyrrhus666: somehow when doing date stuff I always go to seconds-since-epoch first.
soee_: is it possible to use query strings n url without breaking angular ? like foo/bar?baz=zet ?
runtyrobot: I prefer unix timestamp aswell, but it's not as human readable - apparently.
Pyrrhus666: soee_: yes.
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: you beat me to it :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: :P
None
soee_: Pyrrhus666, icebox if i use it with html5 mode angular throws: Uncaught Error: [$rootScope:infdig] 10 $digest() iterations reached. Aborting!
icebox: soee_: it is not directly related to html5 mode... you are changing the model during the digest cycle
icebox: soee_: maybe your routing is working in an unexpected way, when you apply that change
icebox: soee_: double check the code and try to narrow the issue... otherwise you may provide a minimal working plunker and we may give a look at it
Pyrrhus666: juro: what&acute;s the issue ?
juro: Pyrrhus666, I'm expecting the option: &quot;Application Developer&quot; to be preselected.
fdsf: hi
juro: also, I don't understand why Number(83) is null ....
fdsf: T&uuml;rk&ccedil;e konuşan kimse varmı burda
None
Pyrrhus666: juro: don&acute;t you need Number.parseInt() ?
mralex: Is there a reason why doing $scope.myArray = [] wouldn't clear the array?
None
Pyrrhus666: juro: also : Number probably doesn&acute;t work in an angular expression.
Pyrrhus666: (you can only use a limited subset of js in an expression)
juro: Pyrrhus666, yes, that would make sense
None
None
juro: icebox, I have added a select using that but don't know how to relate the selected role to the array of roles.
Pyrrhus666: juro: try inspecting the values of selectedRole (just use {{selectedRole}} in your template. see what happens if you use either the first two select boxes, or the last one.
Pyrrhus666: the results will enlighten you ;)
mrbirkov: seems that the npm version needed by angular-cli is different?
soee_: icebox: its pretty hard to provide small plunker as the app has 5 modules and is a bit complicated
soee_: i try to find the problem and report back
mrbirkov: tried to cache clean but not working
juro: Pyrrhus666, not sure what should enlighten me ....
Pyrrhus666: juro: in the first two cases, the model value is the name of the role. in the third one the whole array-entry [ &acute;id&acute;, &acute;name&acute; ]. hence your preselection by setting an id doesn&acute;t work.
juro: Pyrrhus666, I just did it the right way (as per icebox's contribution) and also figured out that I need to provide the same structure. Thank you for your help!
soee_: icebox: ok seems to be problem with my conditions to set base tag value
Snugglebash: Hi, I have 3/4 mutually exclusive sub-views, i was thinking of using ng-if to show each. Is there a better way?
antiPoP: I have this: {{'search.type' | translate}} was compiling fin until a few minutes ago updated te dependencies, now I'm getting errors like &quot;search.ngfactory.ts:1036:41: Property 'type' does not exist on type 'Search'.&quot; . What is happening?
Pyrrhus666: Snugglebash: routing ?
Snugglebash: is there routing to subviews?
Snugglebash: Pyrrhus666: do you have an example? I am newbie
Pyrrhus666: Snugglebash: I missed the &acute;sub&acute; reference, but yes, with ui-router you can target subviews
Snugglebash: Pyrrhus666: thanks i use ui-router will check the docs
None
Pyrrhus666: Snugglebash: although if you&acute;re really a beginner this might be quite a step up. ng-if&acute;s will work of course, but are not as nice.
Snugglebash: Pyrrhus666: I been going for a little over a month, almost completely new to html, js, css angular etc...
antiPoP: any idea? seems something is interpreting a literal as a class
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: no idea, sounds like a type definition (Search) is broken.
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, how can I check that?
Pyrrhus666: do you have a Search class/type ? does it have a property called type ?
temhaa: hello
temhaa: Can I find certification program for angularjs
temhaa: Actually I am looking for good certificate program that is supported by angular community
None
Elarcis: back
Elarcis: antiPoP: there's no type property in your Search class
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: &acute;types&acute; vs. &acute;type&acute; ? the first exists, the second doesn&acute;t (like Elarcis said)
antiPoP: re please, seems the conection was lost and I didn't saw Elarcis messages
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: antiPoP: there's no type property in your Search class
Elarcis: antiPoP: there's no type property in your Search class
antiPoP: Elarcis, Pyrrhus666 check that these errors come from the template, where 'search.type' is a literal, not an object
antiPoP: and it's intended to be piped to ng2-translate:  {{'search.type' | translate}}
Elarcis: antiPoP: no, it comes from your typescript file
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: the error is not coming from the html.
Elarcis: antiPoP: what editor are you using? It should show you a big red error where the problem is
soee_: $location.search() is the best way to grab query string ?
antiPoP: Elarcis, yes, I see it, the issue seems with   &quot;searchObj: any = {   version: &quot;0&quot;  };&quot; , but iit works with an older version of the modules
antiPoP: do I need to defined it other way? maybe in the construtor?
Pyrrhus666: soee_: that&acute;s what it&acute;s for, so yes :)
Elarcis: antiPoP: holy hell
antiPoP: Elarcis ?
Elarcis: antiPoP: I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know what's that search object in your template, I don't know my name anymore
Wallcraft: Hi
Wallcraft: someone can debug my page?
Wallcraft: i don't know why it's not working, in another page the script i wrote works properly
Wallcraft: in that page not
uru: Wallcraft: We won't fix your code for you but you can ask questions about specific issues you are having.
Wallcraft: i got &quot;angular not defined&quot; i check if i missed some ng-app or controller, but not.
uru: Sounds like you don't have angular's JS included on your page
Wallcraft: Ah
Wallcraft: shiet
Wallcraft: ok
Wallcraft: that's the problem ahah
Wallcraft: Thanks ahah .
uru: No worries
DelphiWorld: Yo everyone!
DelphiWorld: who was helping me with my rss reader?
icebox: DelphiWorld: don't ask to ask
icebox: just ask
DelphiWorld: icebox: i am not asking to ask...
DelphiWorld: i just wanted to give him something back
icebox: DelphiWorld: nice try... but no questions, no answers
DelphiWorld: icebox: also it's so cold here, no much ice :P
None
Pyrrhus666: like earlier, the Search class has no property called purpose. since there&acute;s only a couple of places you even reference something.purpose it should be easy to find the culprit.
Pyrrhus666: somehow, that something is seen as an instance of a Search object.
DelphiWorld: how could i parce this json object:
None
Pyrrhus666: DelphiWorld: angular.fromJSON(yourstring:);
DelphiWorld: Pyrrhus666: i want to create a rss reader but i have no clue..
Pyrrhus666: well, you can parse the json object like I said. then you have a nice javascript object with content that you can use to do whatever you want. maybe you should start with an easier one, this one looks complicated.
Pyrrhus666: and if it&acute;s a real rss feed, read up on the rss specifications to see what such an object might contain.
None
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, that error comes from like 86 of the ts file, however In line 77 I'm defining an SearchObj as {} , but the issue is that it seems being interpreted as a Search  object (sorry, I'm new to ts/ng2)
Pyrrhus666: DelphiWorld: my advise still stands ;)
Ukats: Unable to decrypt Angularjs Crypto values in laravel 5.
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: sounds like the line numbers are screwed up. maybe line 84 ? this.searchObj.purpose = purposeId;
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, right
Pyrrhus666: if you simply comment it out, does it compile ?
None
Ukats: Hello
Elarcis: using reflection is pretty magic when you can use it to simplify and strenghten your code :D
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, no , but If I define a purpose property in te Search class it does
smiche: should I wrap controllers/directives/components with (function(){}();)
icebox: smiche: as usual in ES5
icebox: smiche: global is evil
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: I&acute;d comment out all the suspect .purpose references until it compiles and see where that gets you
icebox: smiche: and that is called iife
smiche: isn't the controller function isolating the variables?
icebox: smiche: no
smiche: okay x.x
None
icebox: smiche: var app = angular.module(...)... app.controller(...)... app is global
smiche: I'm always using angular
smiche: 		.module('app').controller or .directive
bd-: mrbirkov: update your npm i guess
mrbirkov: bd-, already did. also cache clean didnt fix it
Pyrrhus666: mrbirkov: you have npm 3.x and it wants to download 2.x ? something
Pyrrhus666:  is screwed
bd-: ok, ng2 router how can i make it scroll to an anchor fragment on a page?
icebox: smiche: .module('app').controller(myController); ... myController.$inject = [...]; function myController() {...}... myController is globall
icebox: smiche: no way... better using iife
icebox: smiche: with ES5
smiche: I see it in the global scope but I kinda don't get it why it is so, any ways I'll use it everywhere then :d
icebox: smiche: that is js
icebox: mrbirkov: no error here with node v6.7.0
icebox: mrbirkov: shasum check failed... npm-2.14.21.tgz ???
mrbirkov: yeah
icebox: mrbirkov: double check your setup :)
mrbirkov: icebox, not sure whats wrong here
mrbirkov: I installed from nodejs website
icebox: mrbirkov: clean all, reinstall node 6.7.0
mrbirkov: have tried to reinstalled
icebox: mrbirkov: be sure to clean roaming and local directories
mrbirkov: any command to clean roaming and local dir?
icebox: mrbirkov: explorer, manually
bd-: what's the equivelent of $apply in ng2?
bd-: or $timeout,0
icebox: bd-: $timeout = setTimeout for digest cycle
icebox: bd-: is there a digest cycle in angualr 2? :)
bd-: well, i'm not sure
bd-: i need some shit to run after it's changedetection does it's thing
None
None
icebox: bd-: there... &quot;Who notifies Angular?&quot;
icebox: bd-: but I think that stuff is outdated
icebox: bd-: ApplicationRef.tick() and ChangeDetectorRef.detectChanges() are still present in 2.0.0 final
bd-: yea i've read that a few times
bd-: but it read more like 'you don't need to worry about it because magic'
icebox: bd-: :P
bd-: rather than telling where to put stuff to run after ng2 has updated dom post-change detection
icebox: too magic maybe :)
geoid: Can I nest a $watch inside a $watch listener function? (angularJS 1.x)
soee: guys do you use babel to compile your code ?
None
icebox: bd-: you can get the change detector reference... constructor(private ref: ChangeDetectorRef) { this.ref = ref; } ... somewhere this.ref.detectChanges();
bd-: i don't want to alter the change detection though, or have to force it manually etc
icebox: bd-: ah ok... I see... post change detection
bd-: yea, bascially what $timeout(() =: { stuff; }, 0) was in ng1
bd-: let angular do it's shit then run dis code pls
icebox: bd-: ngAfterViewChecked?
bd-: that's what i'm looking at right now
None
bd-: but that seems to run too often
None
bd-: i think that runs before dom updated
icebox: bd-: maybe Foxandxss may help you
icebox: Foxandxss: ^
antiPoP: [(ngModel)]=&quot;purpose&quot; - do I need to initialize models in the controller (I mean, the ts file)?
bd-: all i want to do is scroll to an anchor on the page :(
icebox: bd-: ah ok... :) you can't :)
icebox: dboskovic: (joking) :)
bd-: but router won't scroll it as dom target doesn't exist when it's loaded
icebox: bd-: (joking) :)
icebox: soee: no
icebox: geoid: do you use in js nested listeners? I don't think so :)
Pyrrhus666: runtyrobot: you&acute;re welcome !
icebox: geoid: generally speaking, you should not use watchers, unless you are watching  the attributes of a directive
geoid: Let me rephrase then :) Can I nest a $watch inside a $watch listener function while watching the attributes of a directive? (angularJS 1.x)
geoid: So I guess the answer is no
icebox: geoid: indeed it is no
geoid: ok tx
mrbirkov: icebox, re-installed node and npm and still got the same error
icebox: mrbirkov: sigh... something in your setup... better help if you ask it in nodejs channel
icebox: mrbirkov: can you paste this latest error, even if it is the same?
soee: if you have on the application 2 a bit different structured search results than would you pass more parameters to the single search results component and use conditions in template or create 2 separate components for it ?
antiPoP: in   input #searchBox id=&quot;search-box&quot; (keyup)=&quot;search(searchBox.value)&quot; /:  ow does #searchBox work?
icebox: soee: please, shall you rephrase it?
antiPoP: *how
mrbirkov: @icebox, sure
None
smiche: any1 knows if you can update the model from link in formly-forms?
None
icebox: mrbirkov: is this the latest one?
mrbirkov: yeah
soee: icebox: i have quick search component that shows limited number of search results, with less data etc. and i have separate page for global search where again i have search component but. I could use in both places the same stateless component to render search results but than i would need to use more parameters and conditions to structure it a bit different in both places. Second option is to have 2 different stateless components t
soee: render search results for the quick search component and the global one. I wonder what would be better
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: wow, that syntax is both ugly and non-compliant. oh well, that isn&acute;t important anymore, it seems :)
icebox: mrbirkov: I don't understand... there is something wrong in the path or in the installation... the message says node v4.6.0... did you try with 6.7.0, the latest one?
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, this is taken from the heroes tutorial :)
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: I know :) I just never noticed the # reference thing.
antiPoP: see /app/hero-search.component.html
mrbirkov: havent tried the latest one. will try
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: like an id or name attribute wouldn&acute;t be clear enough, lets invent something else :)
None
icebox: mrbirkov: better
Pyrrhus666: icebox: yes, read it. my opinion hasn&acute;t changed though ;)
icebox: mrbirkov: I tried here on windows box with the latest one and it works
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ah
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, angular2 seems overcomplex compared to angular1, there is a lot of stuff, and add ts2 and es6
Pyrrhus666: icebox: (although ref- is slightly better, but hey, lets confuse the world by having 2 non-compliant things that do the same :))
mrbirkov: icebox, whats the best way to clean uninstall node and npm?
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: ts and es aren&acute;t ng2 specific though. but the crappy html that comes with ng2 gives me hives, ugh. even though I like the framework.
icebox: antiPoP: that is an opinionated topic... experts say it is coherent
icebox: mrbirkov: uninstall from programs and features and check roaming and local (hidden) folders
antiPoP: icebox, just saying that the learning curve is hard... and I already know ng1
Pyrrhus666: icebox: &uml;experts&uml;... ha ! like those that claim the world is flat ;)
bd-: soee: personally i went with the two separate component option in an app i was doing
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: :P
icebox: soee: I second bd-'s approach
grizzm0: Pyrrhus666, That's 100% valid HTML according to the spec tho. ;)
soee: bd-, icebox: ok thanks
icebox: Pyrrhus666: for experts, I mean, devs in angular 2 team
Pyrrhus666: grizzm0: html5 probably ? the spec that broke everything :)
bd-: i do prefer the ng1 syntax, but i also prefer ng2 syntax to jsx
icebox: bd-: agreed... anyway the point about jsx is not the syntax... the point is if it is legit html in js; I suppose it is equals to if it is legit js in html. :)
Pyrrhus666: grizzm0: I tried, but both #ref and (click) and [var] and [(stuff)] seem impossible to pass validation.
icebox: bd-: mithril.js, vue.js, react and others have that approach... angular, knockout and others have another approach
Pyrrhus666: icebox: being js experts makes them not html experts though ;)
icebox: bd-: I don't know if it is a matter of tastes or if there is some rationale to prefer this or that
Pyrrhus666: and yes, I prefer ng2 over jsx. but ng1 over both (as far as html syntax goes)
bd-: just seems wrong to be dumping html templates in a js file
bd-: makes it a pain to work with others on projects
bd-: i don't want the designer fucking around with javascript files
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed... but it seems the rest of the world prefer the other path :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I know. it makes me sort of sad, but I&acute;ll live :)
bd-: on the other hand with ng1/2 type templates it lets designer make logical presentation changes pretty easily
icebox: bd-: agreed... but I was wondering because the rest of the world prefers the alternate solution
Wallcraft: Hi al again!
bd-: the rest of the world prefers what? jsx?
icebox: bd-: jsx or ng2 :)
icebox: bd-: or better... jsx and ng2
bd-: i'm not convinced that's the case
mst: I thought both ng1 and ng2 could do script name=&quot;...&quot; to get a bag-of-small-templates-in-a-file
icebox: bd-: it is a fact... we cannot stay with ng1 forever when we have six months cycle in the next angular releases
Wallcraft: I have a problem accessing to a json array like this [{&quot;balance&quot; : &quot;48&quot;, &quot;name&quot; : &quot;Pippo&quot;}] it is from a servlet response
bd-: what's ng2 got to do with jsx?
bd-: i think we're on different pages
Wallcraft: i tried using {{message.Balance}} {{message.Name}} but it wont work
icebox: bd-: ok... recap... we like ng1, not ng2 or jsx :)
None
bd-: i'm saying i prefer html in html templates, not html in javascript files
bd-: like i prefer css in css files and not in style attributes
icebox: bd-: agreed
bd-: and separately... i prefer ng1 syntax to ng2
icebox: bd-: what I am saying is at the moment the future is jsx or ngs syntaxes
icebox: bd-: *ng2 syntaxes
bd-: why ng2 syntax specifically?
bd-: vuejs's syntax is more like ng1
Pyrrhus666: Wallcraft: have you parsed it into an actual array ? or is it a string ? what does {{message}} give you ?
icebox: bd-: because at the end of 2017 we will have angular 4... we cannot play with ng1 forever
Wallcraft: Pyrrhus666: i have a string
antiPoP: icebox,  thansk looking at it
bd-: that's nout to do with syntax
bd-: plus they'll have complete changed it 5 times by the time ng4 is out :)
Wallcraft: Pyrrhus666: {{message}} gives me te whole json string
icebox: bd-: ah ok... your hope is ng5 with ng1 syntax :)
Pyrrhus666: Wallcraft: then you should do someting like var array = angular.fromJSON(string);
bd-: anyway ng1 and ng2 syntax are pretty much the same
bd-: or, they same 'class' of syntax i should say
Pyrrhus666: bd-: except for all the html bits that make it invalid html.
icebox: bd-: yes... same family
Wallcraft: Pyrrhus666: so in my script i should write something like $scope.message = response.data?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: that is by design... any html decoration approach is outlaw :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I guess. I still don&acute;t like it :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed.. that was my point... tertium non datur
Pyrrhus666: Wallcraft: if you console.log(message), does it tell you it&acute;s an array, or a string ? if it&acute;s a string, you first need to parse it.
bd-: i thought ng2 syntax was html valid
Wallcraft: Pyrrhus666 it's an array
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I don&acute;t really get the rationale though. they could&acute;ve stayed within the specs...
icebox: Pyrrhus666: really no idea
Pyrrhus666: Wallcraft: an array of objects ? can you do {{message[0].balance}} ?
None
icebox: bd-: ^
Wallcraft: wtf
Wallcraft: it's solved alone LEL
Wallcraft: i fixed it using track by $index
bd-: that doesn't address the validity
grizzm0: &quot;Attribute names must consist of one or more characters other than the space characters, U+0000 NULL, &quot;&quot;&quot;, &quot;'&quot;, &quot;:&quot;, &quot;/&quot;, &quot;=&quot;, the control characters, and any characters that are not defined by Unicode.&quot;
grizzm0: Perfectly valid. ;)
bd-: yep
Pyrrhus666: grizzm0: which spec are you reading ?
grizzm0: HTML5
Pyrrhus666: so howcome the validator says no ?
Pyrrhus666: hmm..
macstriker: hi ng-guys!
icebox: bd-: I suppose it is matter to be used or not... if we used only ng2 syntax, maybe it would be less alien than we are saying now
macstriker: how can i pass callback to component?
macstriker: products-search onSelect=&quot;addProduct&quot;:/products-search:
macstriker: not working
grizzm0: Pyrrhus666, Becuase it doesn't know about the attributes.
macstriker: bindings: {  'onSelect': '&amp;' },
grizzm0: If you're checking against a div for example... The div doens't allow those attributes.
Pyrrhus666: grizzm0: which means button #ref (click)=&uml;stuff&uml;: is invalid, right ?
mrbirkov: icebox, weird still get the same error after installing node 6.7.0
None
icebox: macstriker: angular 1 or angular 2?
macstriker: 1
icebox: macstriker: weirdly
icebox: macstriker: did you clean also tmp folder?
icebox: macstriker: sorry mistell
icebox: mrbirkov: weirdly
icebox: mrbirkov: did you clean also tmp folder?
icebox: macstriker: if angular 1... naming needs to be normalized
None
grizzm0: Pyrrhus666, It'sjust sugar.
icebox: macstriker: and usually &quot;it doesn't work&quot; doesn't mean anything.:)
nishu-tryinghard: hey icebox, wanted to talk can i pm you not related to angular
Pyrrhus666: grizzm0: that&acute;s one way to put it ;) I&acute;d say it&acute;s invalid markup.
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: ok
macstriker: console.log(this.onSelect); gives me function (b){return u(a,b)}
macstriker: so some function was passed
grizzm0: Pyrrhus666, You're free to write valid markup if you'd like with the template: element
macstriker: it seems callback must be well-formed
icebox: macstriker: looking for &quot;Next, we want to add buttons to this dialog box, and allow someone using the directive to bind their own behavior to it.&quot; in the doc suggested
macstriker: icebox: no problem if this doc for directive
macstriker: and i have component
macstriker: ?
icebox: macstriker: it is the same
macstriker: ok, i will read , thanks
icebox: macstriker: a few hints...
icebox: macstriker: in that example... $scope.hideDialog...  'close': '&amp;onClose'... my-dialog ng-hide=&quot;dialogIsHidden&quot; on-close=&quot;hideDialog(message)&quot;:
icebox: macstriker: see the diff in your code?
macstriker: yeah
icebox: macstriker: nice catch :)
Elarcis: and I'm late in my work... yet again.
macstriker: working now
macstriker: thanks
icebox: macstriker: you are welcome
macstriker: self.onSelect({ 'product': product });
macstriker: angular get string on-select=&quot;addProduct(product)&quot; ?
Pyrrhus666: grizzm0: which kind of proves my point that they could&acute;ve stayed within the spec ;) I&acute;ll live with it, but having lived through spec-hell in  the great browser wars of the late 20th century, I&acute;m sad to see people don&acute;t seem to care anymore. call me old and grumpy ;)
macstriker: and replace arguments by hash?
macstriker: that's how it works, right?
icebox: mrbirkov: however the error is on another package... are you sure it is not a networking problem?
icebox: mrbirkov: check C:\Users\ahayaza\AppData\Local\Temp\npm-10740-7 993f480\registry.npmjs.org\typescript\-\typescript-2.0.0.tgz
icebox: mrbirkov: I bet that package is not downloaded correctly
smiche: time to head home, ty everybody
icebox: smiche: bye
mrbirkov: its not
mrbirkov: @icebox, its not
mrbirkov: yeah its different package
anli_: I seem to need separation of my ng app into multiple apps, is AngularJS designed for that?
Pyrrhus666: anli_: no.
anli_: ok
anli_: What would be problematic doing that?
icebox: mrbirkov: nodejs channel is always valid... here I run out of ideas
Pyrrhus666: there can only be one app. you can switch over the browser to another url/app of course. but you&acute;ll lose the app&acute;s state.
mrbirkov: icebox, thanks but its invitation only?
icebox: mrbirkov: no
icebox: off in two minutes :)
Pyrrhus666: bye icebox !
mrbirkov: * Cannot join #nodejs (Channel is invite only)
mrbirkov: @icebox,
anli_: I have a webshop with a cart, that cart should be visible on many pages, but the logic for product listings do not need to be on every page
icebox: mrbirkov: because your nick is not registered, I think
mrbirkov: it is :)
Pyrrhus666: anli_: the whole webshop should be an SPA to have angular work it&acute;s best.
icebox: mrbirkov: well I joined now and there is not an invitation problem, and my nick is registered
anli_: spa?
anli_: smart phone assistant?
mrbirkov: weird
Pyrrhus666: single page application.
anli_: aha
anli_: coolt idea
icebox: mrbirkov: it is not your day :)
mrbirkov: lol
anli_: cool idea
Pyrrhus666: anli_: it makes little sense to build a cart in angular and bolt that onto a non-angular website.
anli_: I do not talk about other websites
anli_: But other pages
None
icebox: off... bye
Pyrrhus666: semantics. your other pages are outside of angular&acute;s scope, it seems
nishu-tryinghard: mrbirkov, no its no invite only are you talking about #Node.js ?
mrbirkov: ha tried #nodejs
mrbirkov: thanks nishu-tryinghard
nishu-tryinghard: mrbirkov, you just have to be registered with freenode
mrbirkov: registered. it was the #nodejs that is invite only
mrbirkov: thanks
nishu-tryinghard: mrbirkov, but the channel is not as active as angualr tho
ranguo: Hello guys
ranguo: Is there anyway I could decouple a little bit this plunker to let the customModal have its own ngModule?
None
baako: icebox
martin_langhoff: I have a complex directive (ui-calendar) which I drive with more complex code (in a service). I am getting in trouble when changing scopes.
martin_langhoff: (using ui-router), the old scope is torn down _after_ the new scope is initialized
martin_langhoff: if both scopes use the directive, it all goes to shit.
martin_langhoff: I've written my services with the assumption there'd be only one instance of the directive in use :-(
martin_langhoff: any hints wrt waiting for a scope to finish destruction before initializing the new one?
antiPoP: should I use  es6-shim or @types/es6-shim ? both seems to work
yagendra: hello team
yagendra: i m trying to upload files using angular 2 and node
yagendra: but gtting error
yagendra: can any one please tell which package is used to upload files
yagendra: in anglar 2
yagendra: or share some github link
yagendra: m waiting for someone reply
bd-: hrm, i thought with es6 classes `this` always referred to the class
antiPoP: what does angular/platform-server ?
lacrymology: I have a div with an ngIf, which changes during runtime, so the div is created and destroyed during the application's runtime, not only on initialization, and I'd like some code to run when it's created
lacrymology: I'm using ngInit but it seems like it doesn't always run when I want it to
tangorri: bd this may refers to object aka class instance instead
bd-: nah it doesn't refer to class instance
bd-: maybe this is some webpack converting to es5 nonsense
tangorri: you mean babel/traceur
bd-: tsc
Shujat: HI
mrbirkov: why is it really hard to learn angularjs :(  is there any tutorial for really beginner :(
mst: I already knew basic javascript and learned from the main tutorials and documentation
andygmb: what am I doing terribly wrong here? Restangular.one('events', eventId).all('allocated-sections').all(sourceId).get(index) doesn't add the /index/ at the end
andygmb: where index == 1
andygmb: the end url should be like: /events/9b4c010f-7636-4e40-9755-065d22d823f8/allocated-price-charts/fe0bb77b-2394-4a0d-95a6-a6c75363957c/1/
andygmb: err, allocated-sections*
andygmb: im obviously missing something here but the restangular docs aren't entirely clear to me atm
mrbirkov: @mst yeah I wonder why is it really difficult to learn ng compared to other non js
mst: mrbirkov: I don't know what problems you're having
mrbirkov: understanding how angular works is difficult and it seems no beginner like me can understand
mrbirkov: any reallly good tutorials for beginners?
mst: I asked which part you were having trouble with. repeating 'any really good tutorials' won't help us work out what you need.
mrbirkov: understanding the building blocks and concept at first, and build up the more technical coding stuff
mst: I read all of the reference docs to understand services, directrives etc.
mst: then re-read the tutorial
mst: then experimented
mst: then repeated
nishu-tryinghard: mrbirkov, do you know how javascript actually works to make the website interactive and dynamic? if the answer is no i would recommend you to first head to freecodecamp and learn that stuff first and after that you can start with building blocks like mst mentioned. And then you can just take some example site and start creating those stuff in angular. This will be fun to do as you are designing something rather than following some guide and
nishu-tryinghard: replicating it blindly.
mrbirkov: make sense nishu-tryinghard
mrbirkov: I know javascript but not that good
mrbirkov: just wondering if there is a complete beginner tutorials of angular
mrbirkov: btw does angular2 support SEO now?
nishu-tryinghard: mrbirkov, freecodecamp is a website which has beginner programms, guides and sample example to learn backend and frontend. I found it helpful as i was in the same boat as you with no knowledge what soever about javascript or angular. So goto over there and start the frontend program they have to get the understanding of how frontend is developed. IMO you have to first understand how a frontend is build using javascrip and jquery. After that
nishu-tryinghard: you will find it easy to learn angular thats what i feel
nishu-tryinghard: And you want to learn angular 2?
andygmb: this works but feels wrong - am I doing this wrong?
andygmb: Restangular.all('events').all(eventId).all('allocated-sections').all(sourceId).get(index);
nishu-tryinghard: If you want to skip all that then you can follow ng book 2
andygmb: for producing a URL like: /events/9b4c010f-7636-4e40-9755-065d22d823f8/allocated-sections/fe0bb77b-2394-4a0d-95a6-a6c75363957c/1/
dopry: anyone with experience with ng-file-upload and S3 with signedPutUrls?
mrbirkov: thanks nishu-tryinghard
dopry: need help on a 1.5.x project using those... I could really use another set of experienced hands on the project.
dopry: pm me if you're at all interested.
rand0m: hey is anyone here
andygmb: i would imagine so
dopry: rand0m, no, absolutely noone.
rand0m: wtf i keep hearing voices..
rand0m: who is there?
andygmb: is it solipsistic in here or is it just me?
rand0m: hang on ghostman
rand0m: you might have phd in english, but go easy on us peasants
rand0m: wb dopry
dopry: rand0m, did I miss out on the philosophy discussion?
rand0m: maybe
dopry: Well I'll try not to open the box eliminate a possibility, after all two is better than 1.
rand0m: yes, I agree with you
rand0m: unless you're speaking about angular versions
rand0m: something funny's happening with my code
rand0m: it works fine on my local
dopry: I do like 2...
rand0m: but once I upload it to plnkr it goes into infinite loop
dopry: rand0m, oh no... what does it do? link to the plunkr?
None
rand0m: normally it should display searchbar where I type in stuff
rand0m: but I think its loading up controller automatically
dopry: rand0m, looking at it now..
rand0m: thanks mate
rand0m: excuse the inclusion of fonts thats something I thought would work
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 369fb7f Michał Gołębiowski: feat(jqLite): implement jqLite(f) as alias to jqLite(document).ready(f)...
ngbot: angular.js/master 8e82bf5 Michał Gołębiowski: refactor(jqLite): deprecate jqLite#ready...
ngbot: angular.js/master e008df6 Michał Gołębiowski: docs(jqLite): remove the removal plan info for bind/unbind...
dopry: @rand0m, I get this error in plunkr, Unknown provider: githubFactoryProvider - githubFactory - githubSearchController
rand0m: thats strange
rand0m: I get VM1717 angular.min.js:114 RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded
dopry: rand0m, my bad...
dopry: rand0m, commented some stuff out.
dopry: @rand0m, how is the data supposed to flow in your app here?
rand0m: the UI will have a text input and when you type in something the ui gets updated
rand0m: f this, I will restart the plnk
dopry: rand0m, one thing I see is you're completely replacing $scope.data.. I normally don't replace things directly attached to scope...
Dev0n: hey, is it better to consume from your http services on ngOnInit or within the constructor?
Dev0n: angular2
dopry: rand0m, doesn't seem to be the controllers. I commented out the bodies and I still got the limit issues.. maybe your view hierarchy has a circular dependency?
rand0m: it works on my local though
rand0m: give me a moment please
dopry: Dev0n, I like to use I like to do stuff in $onInit and reserve my constructor for binding dependencies to my controller.
Dev0n: gotha, thats how I've been doing it but came across some code that seem to stick it all in the constructor
Dev0n: make sense to leave that for dependency binding tbh
dopry: although the only things I've found I have to delay to $onInit is when I'm interacting with forms declared in the templates...
dopry: or other dom elements.
None
rand0m: its working :)
rand0m: let me add in css and see if that breaks
rand0m: turns out that the fonts are causing issue
None
rand0m: minus the fonts
dopry: rand0m, very nice...
dopry: silly fonts...
rand0m: I forgot what I wanted to ask
dopry: rand0m, I like that you're using the event bindings to propogate your data...
dopry: rand0m, have you looked at ngrx/store?
rand0m: no
rand0m: whats that
rand0m: ok, don't know whats rx, or redux or ngrx or rxjs
rand0m: still not at that level
dopry: we'll you're already working with the primitive concepts in your code.
dopry: the idea is you have one object storing all the state in your app... when it is updated, events are fired and things can respond... it's a little more complex than that...
dopry: but would be worth you looking into, if this is how you are thinking about moving data around your app...
rand0m: like knockoutjs
rand0m: oh yeah! I remembered
rand0m: say when I type in some stuff, and an error occurs, I don't show any errors at the moment. I just throw them
rand0m: I would like to show a inject html where the results are, and the html would contain a button which would call the same search function on i#ts click
rand0m: just like search again#
rand0m: so my question was, do I include the HTML as part of search-results template and use ng hide/show to display contents?
rand0m: or is there another way
dopry: if it works it's a good way...
dopry: You could also setup the results as a child of the search bar..
dopry: I normally wouldn't use views like this...
dopry: I'd normally use a component for a search bar, and search results and build a component that put them both together...
dopry: so I'd end up with say a searchbox component with children searchInput, searchResults, and searchButton... they would all have their data or click handlers bound to parent searchbox...
dopry: controller...
dopry: rand0m, ^^
dopry: or you could put move all the shared code, functions, and global state into a service and the have disparate controllers that don't need to be in any sort of specific tree.
rand0m: ye, I understand, so that it would only be 1 component
dopry: or your could use $rootScope or some other vehicle for carrying around the searchText to all the child components.
dopry: you get different levels of coupling for each approach... what is best is often times dependent on how you envision the user interface working...
rand0m: i didn't want to use rootscope at all, but I figured out that this is the only way to transfer data from directives controller to second controller
dopry: rand0m, rootScope, dedicatedService w/event, or ngrx/store type of thing are all good vehicles.
dopry: or binding to a parent component and controller.
dopry: $rootScope isn't bad to use in small applications or for data that should truly be global.
dopry: it can become a problem when building large apps since it leaks a lot of data and can lead to architectural laziness that will make maintenance difficult..
rand0m: thanks mate
rand0m: brb
j6s: Hello everyone - we are currently looking to have 2 router outlets react to the same route - as far as I am aware this is not really possible.
j6s: Background: we are trying to have a main area of our app as well as a sidebar. Every content component has a different sidebar - we have looked into multiple solutions but did not really find anything helpful
j6s: there was a potential solution using DynamicComponentLoader which looked promising until we discovered that it was deprecated
j6s: the question here is: is such a thing even possible in ng2?
zomg: I actually randomly saw some article discussing this just today... I wonder what the URL was
None
zomg: actually I'm not sure if that's exactly what you're asking about, but similar maybe?
zomg: at least assuming I understood your question correctly, with angular 1 ui-router you needed ui-router-extras with named views for this
j6s: no, those is not really what we are looking for: those are 2 independent router outlets - what we want are 2 synchronized router outlets
j6s:  is there a way to link 2 router outlets to one URL?
None
zomg: j6s: yeah what I mean is the way you did that with ng1 at least was you had one route which just rendered into two named views
zomg: j6s: in this sense they were &quot;synchronized&quot; but separate
Axel_: Oh got it, never mind
genu: hey, in ng1, how can I pass an $event from an ng-click via the outlet to the parent component? I can't find any examples of this... :(
j6s: zomg: we did not think this would be this big of a problem, since it worked quite well in ng1 - but seems like this is not easy at all in ng2 :(
zomg: no idea I'm afraid since I've not used ng2
zomg: but yeah it seems it's still a bit of a work in progress for many commonly used features like this
Nasp: j6s What is it you need again
Nasp: 2 synchronized router outlets?
Nasp: So they jsut show the same?
j6s: synchronized in the way that they react to the same route
j6s: so on '/edit/' on outlet would show the 'EditMainComponent' and the other one the 'EditSidebarComponent'
Nasp: And the editsidebar is defined in the maincomponent?
Nasp: So it always shows editsidebar when on edit?
j6s: I basically want to have one component for the &quot;main area&quot; of the app that always has the same sidebar
None
grizzm0: Perhaps auxroutes?
None
j6s: everything using auxiliary routes that I have seen so far has 2 outlets that behave independently from each other - that would not be our usecase
yagendra: can any one please tell me how to upload files using angular 2 + express
yagendra: i have tried many different packages
yagendra: but didnt get success
rand0m: hmmm
yagendra: ??
rand0m: my UI generates from controller B and has some buttons in it which need to call controller A functions
rand0m: how do I achieve this?
wafflejock: rand0m, usually better solution is to have the functionality wrapped up in a provider of some sort (factory/service) and then you are just triggering various functions of the service from the controllers and storing the data that is effected by both controllers in one place
rand0m: thats what someone else told me earlier and I didn't think that I would need it
rand0m: now I Need it :(
wafflejock: rand0m, yeah there are other ways but that's the least likely to break
wafflejock: it's not a huge deal really
wafflejock: you just want to define a new object that you put the shared parts into (some cut and paste work) the wrapper is just something like .service('MyService', function(){ var service = {}; return service});
wafflejock: in the service {} you would have all the data and methods you want to operate on that data, then you inject MyService into the controller just as you would any angular service
rand0m: yup following some examples online
mustmodify: I'm doing something stupid and I can't figure it out.
mustmodify: I have img ng-src='{{waypoint.icon_path}}' ng-show=&quot;waypoint' /: and I keep getting a 404 /%7B%7Bwaypoint.icon_path%7D%7D
mustmodify: WHY WHY WHY
wafflejock: mustmodify, any errors in the console? sounds like the parse failed, in what you wrote there you have a &quot; and a ' on the ng-show just a typo?
rand0m: wafflejock, I've seem to be lost
None
None
rand0m: not sure what to do next :/
rand0m: some examples ask me to create array and start pushing in contents
mustmodify: wafflejock: yeah that was just a typo. Sorry. I figured it out. Seems like another place was using img src=&quot;{{waypoint.icon_path}}&quot;:
None
rand0m: i've updated till here
None
None
rand0m: wafflejock, I've seen the same behaviour in egghead video a couple of minutes back
None
rand0m: but I can't figure out how can this fit into my code
wafflejock: rand0m, eh yeah they made a generic messaging service I'm not sure I'm a huge fan of that
rand0m: here's my project
None
rand0m: if you see in githubSearchController
rand0m: line 15 im using $rootscope.$broadcast
dogmatic69: thanks wafflejock
rand0m: and am recieving in githubSearchResultController
rand0m: which is bound to UI
wafflejock: dogmatic69, np
wafflejock: rand0m, yeah so you already have your github factory here do you just want to know if it was success/failure? if so can you just store that info in the github factory that handles the request?
sixsixsix: how can i use ng-mousedown for the left mouse button instead?
wafflejock: rand0m, also overall very well organized it seems, but yeah the broadcast/emit/on way of doing things will work when controller have a parent child relationship but breaks down once you modify that relationship (can also use $rootScope to emit events but goes through all the scopes and will be &quot;noisy with events)
rand0m: i've used rootscope broadcast and im already feeling a bit messy
rand0m: what should I do after saving error flag in githubfactory
sixsixsix: how can i use ng-mousedown for the left mouse button instead?
wafflejock: sixsixsix, think you mean right click? but can take a look at the source this is basically the directive definition make a new one my-rightclick or something paste in the code and change the event to what you want and add logic to check the button from the event before triggering the callback
None
sixsixsix: thanks
wafflejock: rand0m, well if you have the flag in there then you can have a reference to the factory from the scope and through that reference in the view you can show/use that value see the little sample I pasted in plnkr for how I'm referencing the imgsrc through the factory
rand0m: wait wait
rand0m: check this link again wafflejock
None
rand0m: type in jquery/angular or anything else in the field
rand0m: the 2 buttons which says retry or cancel have to act on githubSearchController, but are initiated by githubSearchResultController
wafflejock: rand0m, k gimme like 10 min gonna re-up on my tea and find something to snack on :)
Sasa: I would need some help with the angular-ui router
wafflejock: rand0m, hmm yeah seems like just moving all this into the factory would probably make sense, like just having an &quot;errorState&quot; property in there that stores the last error or gets set to null if there was no error for the last request
Sasa: Is this the right place to ask such a question? :)
wafflejock: rand0m, is there any thing you can think of that would be lost in doing it that way?
wafflejock: Sasa, angular 1 or 2?
Sasa: 1
wafflejock: yeah here is the right place then
rand0m: I understand that the example you've mentioned is useful for shared data. but I need to call function in controller a from controller b
rand0m: the only way I can do it using rootScope broadcasts
wafflejock: rand0m, well if the function is in the factory then you can call it from either place
wafflejock: rand0m, also you could have the controller &quot;register&quot; with another service (that's basically what the message factory one accomplished) where when you call a function in the service it triggers any &quot;registered&quot; handlers but that's a bit abstract and overkill in most cases I think
rand0m: wouldnt make sense to place the function which initiates factory service call in controller to move it inside factory :s
Sasa: Got to the answer on my own while writing out the question
rand0m: nice one sasa
rand0m: that's what I've been facing . thats my dilemma wafflejock :(
rand0m: anything i write is overkill, anything i don't write is kind of hack
wafflejock: rand0m, well what I'm saying is why do you need that extra layer of functions in the controller you can just trigger the one in the service directly and have the data about what happened with that call in the factory
rand0m: currently the flow is like
rand0m: controller a -: call service method -: get data back to controller a -: broadcast data from controller a -: recieve data in controller b -: use data in controller b
wafflejock: yeah what I'm saying is controller a -: inject service -: call service -: service data changes, controller b -: inject service -: reference data from service
None
rand0m: ?
wafflejock: is retryQuery() or cancelQuery defined anywhere yet?
Sasa: i usually end up either doing what wafflejock says or moving things to a parent scope
Sasa: in such situations
wafflejock: rand0m, yeah will give it a go here saw a message about IRC going down for a few minutes here, but will try back as soon as I have something to look at
rand0m: sure
