dopry: rand0m, you can also broadcast you data from the service instead of the controller.
rand0m: retryQuery should call $scope.searchQuery() in githubSearchController
rand0m: dopry, all this chat is to avoid that :s
dopry: rand0m, why avoid that?
rand0m: I'm already broadcasting service result from controller a to b
rand0m: im trying to find a neater way to pass data back and forth
dopry: rand0m, I'd broadcast from the service instead...
rand0m: currently I am doing the same, but someone told me that this isn't the right way
dopry: I typically use $rootScope.emit(...) as a cheap message bus when I need one...
rand0m: so I was asking around for services
dopry: did they tell you why it wasn't the right way?
rand0m: I use $rootScope.$broadcast(...)
rand0m: anyways, i'll brb
dopry: rand0m, so $rootScope to broadcast will propogate the event to all children of rootscope...
mcfdez: Hello. I have a function that makes 4 requests throught a service. Is posible to execute some code when this 4 requests ara finished? Only when all are finished
dopry: .emit will only emit the even on listeners attached to root scope.
rand0m: hmmm strangely $emit fails to work
rand0m: only $broadcast  work for some reason
None
wafflejock: rand0m, I didn't actually use the last_error part anywhere yet for toggling displaying the retry cancel but moved all the functionality into the factory for dealing with those errors and storing the data
wafflejock: in search-results.html can see I'm just using the binding directly from the factory on line 18, and as is the controllers just setup a property on the scope to point to the factory that gets injected (same instance for both)
omland: hi, i'm looking for some help on an AngularJS app and SEO, I've soured the web for information and followed all the guides but am not having any luck. Google is indexing my first page of dynamic content but not following any of the links in the anchor elements of the page
None
wafflejock: rand0m, just updated it to use the last error and optionally show it too if you refresh on that
rand0m: what's last error?
wafflejock: rand0m, just anything that you were throwing I just had it put that text into a string on the factory and null it out if the last request got a success
rand0m: hmmm
rand0m: i've gone throughh the code and i've seen it works
rand0m: its making me uncomfortable :s
rand0m: because..
rand0m: i've always been told to keep it simple
rand0m: factory/services, just get data, and pass it on
wafflejock: well all I really did here is moved some validation on the data from the controller to the factory and made it so the data the factory fetches it also has a reference to
None
rand0m: i think it will take time for me to sink in
wafflejock: just depends on how you want to set it up but either way this is a sure fire way to be able to have some data that is instantiated once and referenced multiple places
omland: rand0m, I was hoping not to use a prerender service as google now executes javascript
None
wafflejock: omland, there are other parts of the crawl stats that may help or submitting a sitemap but prerender.io does make it pretty easy especially if it's not for a large site, and you can just run it on your server if you need more pages processed but don't want to pay for them to be cached by prerender
omland: wafflejock, the problem is my app is injected on 3rd party sites, so the requsts don't go to my webserver
omland: so prerender isn't option
wafflejock: ah
wafflejock: &macr;\_(ツ)_/&macr;
rand0m: hmm... I get a empty request on my local
wafflejock: rand0m, empty request to where?
rand0m: mybad, I typed in the conditions wrong
rand0m: HAH
rand0m: I typed in random crap ][A];D'AS,A;SD;AS,D
rand0m: and it found repos
rand0m: :/ ?
wafflejock: rand0m, possibly one of the characters was a question mark or some wildcard? dunno
rand0m: nope
rand0m: its strange
wafflejock: rand0m, ah yeah just tried your random string there and it does actually get results back from the call to github
rand0m: yes it does
rand0m: with actual repos
rand0m: :o
None
rand0m: im not saying that this is an issue, but im surprised
wafflejock: yah it's weird
None
rand0m: ok im off to watch tv
GitGud: hey hello. is there a directive made already for angular which fires events when you tab to an element?
dopry: wafflejock, I like that solution. I never really did much binding directly to my services via the controller. It's nice and simple...
dopry: I always tried to keep the stuff I was binding distinct to the controller or using references.
rand0m: ._.
rand0m: so I was wondering.. my UI gets created with my data [] has items in it
dopry: i've always done stuff like setup up memos in my services and hand out references to objects from there... but I could have literally just been binding to my memos directly.
rand0m: when I search for random stuff, my data.length == 0
rand0m: wait that came out bad
dopry: rand0m, what were you saying?
dopry: something to do with initialization.
rand0m: in my example
None
rand0m: if you type in some random stuff like onod8329upinof28ewry98EHWIUSCHSIUN
rand0m: or whatever it displays a message saying repo doesnt exist
rand0m: you either have option to click reset which resets the form and hides the message
rand0m: or you press backspace in field (manually resetting the field)
dopry: yep... I see that...
rand0m: but by pressing backspace, when we clear out the form, it shows a new error
dopry: but when I click the button it just gets wiped out.
rand0m: because its trying to search for repo called &quot;&quot;
rand0m: and it cant find it
rand0m: and shows a message
dopry: well don't search when the string is so short..
rand0m: yeah
rand0m: by changing lines 12-14 in githubFactory I solved it
rand0m: but, I stil have one problem
rand0m: i've updated the code
rand0m: can you type in random junk and when it says repo not found, press backspace to clear query from form
dopry: you don't want to show repository does not exist when the search string is empty?
rand0m: technically when the form is cleared it should hide the popup
rand0m: yeh
dopry: then you should probably check the last_error or search_string in the factory.
rand0m: because my input type ng-change is bound to githubfactory directly instead of controller, im trying to understand how to fix this#
dopry: in you template...
dopry: ng-show=&quot;!factory.last_error&quot;
dopry: set store the value of the search string in the factory same as the results?
dopry: ng-show=&quot;!factory.queryString&quot;
dopry: err maybe not !, but does that make sense?
rand0m: its already there
None
dopry: like so...
dopry: see the factory and your results template.
rand0m: nice
rand0m: but when I type in some valid string
rand0m: then the popup appears saying repo doesnt exist and  then hides itself
dopry: rand0m, slightly improved version...
dopry: moving all state into factory...
dopry: rand0m, hopefully you can figure the rest from there.. I need to knock out some stuff on my own task list,
rand0m: nice man
rand0m: thanks
kenny__: Hello guys
kenny__: Anyone here has worked with Angular 2?
kenny__: I have a question about HTTP Request with Observables.
hashtd: kenny: shoot the question...
kenny__: Thanks hashtd
kenny__: Can you review if these two HTTP Request with Observables are fine?
kenny__: It's an HTTP GET method.
kenny__: so it's very simple, but I think once someone told me they were wrong.
hashtd: gist or plukr link of code....
None
kenny__: There we go
kenny__: I just call two services in the OnInit method of my Component.
kenny__: They're called the same way.
kenny__: Does that looks good to you? hashtd
hashtd: question :  `this.bankService.getBanks()` returns json right?
kenny__: I sent you what it returns, hashtd
wrkrcoop: im trying to create a modal, and im trying to pass data from the controller that opens the modal to the controller of the modal &hellip; i have resolve: () =: {return this.items} &hellip; but i can&rsquo;t seem to figure out how to get a hold of this.items in my modal controller &hellip;
kenny__: It says the component.service returns ...
hashtd: u have to use map operator like  this.bankService.getBanks().map( res =: resp.json()).subscribe(resp =: {  this.banks = res })
kenny__: Thats in the component.serve hashtd
kenny__: service(
hashtd: ok got it, then its ok
kenny__: Ok thank you
kenny__: Do you know how to set a placeholder value for a select box? hashtd
hashtd: u can do empty option like option disabled:Place holder textoption:
hashtd: make sure its first child element of select
kenny__:  hashtd It appears in the options but it's not selected when the select-box is loaded with the API Data.
None
hashtd: ok add  option disabled selected: place holder text/option:
kenny__: That's what I have hashtd
None
wrkrcoop: anyone know how to get the data you put in the resolve object of a modal?
None
kenny__: Thats what I have.
hashtd: wrkrcoop: in model contoller have DI like `items` &amp; in resolve , () =: { items: () =: {return this.items; } }
kenny__: it has  the property name because it is inside a form (I don't know why it has to be there)
wrkrcoop: hashtd: awesome ill try that
wrkrcoop: so just DI items?
wrkrcoop: cool
wrkrcoop: thanks hashtd that worked
kenny__: hashtd: Any idea on what might be wrong?
hashtd: it should work since ngFor only affects options below
None
GitGud: hi
ircbaao: how do i do that please do i need to actually check the values or is they a angular function i can use?
GitGud: i have a question
kenny__: hashtd: It doesn't work.
GitGud: so i am using angular 1.5.8 and i have this route Params for a directory and i was wondering if i could have variable names dynamically
GitGud: like
GitGud: i could have /inbox/:something. and /inbox/:something/:somethingelse
GitGud: both of them
GitGud: i'm ok with the last part being undefined if it doesn't show
GitGud: if this is not possible, i'd at least like alternatives
hashtd: ircbaao: u can add ng-if=&quot;country.selected&quot; on that button
kenny__: hashtd: It only appears in the option but it doesn't appear selected.
jabowa: Hello, Anyone using angular2 and successfully proxying HTTP request to the server side using --proxy-config?
Thug: hello
Guest59763: hi
Guest59763: I need help people
Thug19: Hello
Thug19: does anybody know how to post to php using $http in angular ??
jabowa: Thug19: $http.post(url)?
Thug19: yes
Thug19: I have been trying to get it to work for two days
Thug19: I am about to loose my mind
Thug19: angular keeps sending empty string
wrkrcoop: i have a directive, and i want to pass a value into the scope &hellip; if i do store={{store}} what would i put in the scope of the direcrtive? store: &ldquo;=store&rdquo;
zomg: Thug19: can you show an example of what your code looks like for sending the data and how your PHP end is reading it?
Thug19: I have made coding so simple to try to narrow down the problem, it seems its not the code, for html I have
mbarra: Hey guys, I'm looking for a course, what about CodeSchool? do you recommend?
GreenJello: mbarra, I like egghead.io, but it doesn't go into too much detail
GreenJello: haven't checked out others
mbarra: great, i will check it out, thanks
venu_: JOIN
venu_: Angular.js
sanjeev9: I want to update my angular controller model using a HTTP &quot;request&quot; I am handling the the same app using a module. Can someone help me with how to do this ?
sanjeev9: I want to update a controller's model based on HTTP 'request' body
Elarcis: hi
basheer: hi guys having problem with eventemitter
None
None
None
icebox: angular 2.1.0 is out (and also router 3.1.0)
icebox: bd-: query params feature ^
icebox: Elarcis: good morning, Vietnam
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 73050cd Michał Gołębiowski: fix(jqLite): align jqLite camelCasing logic with JQuery...
ngbot: angular.js/master fc0c11d Michał Gołębiowski: fix(jqLite): camelCase keys in jqLite#data...
Elarcis: :P
Elarcis: hi icebox
icebox: :P
smiche: resolve doesn't need strict DI? how does it know what to inject :o
runtyrobot: Question! (surprise) -- I have a $scope.sortBy function that I'd like to use in more controllers. Is the best way to implement it, to give it, it's own controller and include that one in the necessary controllers?
Pyrrhus666: better make it a directive (or is that what you meant ?) or put it in a service. or put it a separate module that your ng-app depends on and inject it there.
Pyrrhus666: or could it be a filter ? (judging from the name)
runtyrobot: It's for changing table order, to be filtered after header the selected header - like date, name or alike
Pyrrhus666: I have a bunch of custom filters in a separate module that I inject at the app level : app = angular.module(&acute;myapp&acute;, [ &acute;myFilters&acute; ])...
runtyrobot: would I still be able to bind it onclick and so on?
runtyrobot: ng-click - sorry
Pyrrhus666: I was checking how I did something like that, but because it&acute;s so simple I haven&acute;t made a separate thing. I just use the orderBy filter (from angular), and clicking headers just sets values in a sortObj which defines the field and order used in the orderBy filter.
runtyrobot: It's basically what this thing does - and it is only like 3-4 lines. Just trying to reduce repetition and redundancy :P
Elarcis: slowly ditching replace: true
Elarcis: feels good man
Elarcis: I just wish I hadn't introduced a bug that makes the whole browser crash without errors
runtyrobot: sounds more like an achievement to me
Elarcis: runtyrobot: then I just wish I had this achievement a day where I'm not late in my shitton of work, so I don't have to spend hours debugging an invisible and fatal error
runtyrobot: knowdatfeel
Elarcis: ok, it seems that one of my classes being totally empty is related to the issue
Elarcis: ok, I had an infinite while. Good to know
icebox: Elarcis: no problem if the output of the loop is money :)
Elarcis: it was veeeeery sneaky. because I corrected a behavior I thought was incorrect, a value of 0.005 (that previously would have stayed the same) was converted to 0, and was later used in a while loop where it was multiplied by 10 until a certain threshold
Elarcis: needless to say, waiting for 0 to be multiplied to 100 requires a significant life expectancy
icebox: Elarcis: :P
smiche: how does one cache dom elements :d?
Pyrrhus666: I have the browser take care of that
smiche: I think mine doesn't like doing that
smiche: 700ms for state change with 800 watchers is a bit too much?
icebox: smiche: state change is not related to the count of watchers
smiche: I have the data cached in the services too, no idea why it's taking so long to load another view on state change
icebox: smiche: devtools help there
Pyrrhus666: isn&acute;t it simply the rendering that takes a long time ?
Pyrrhus666: and what icebox says.
smiche: well with devtools I can see 	angular.js:6241 timer fired 800ms
smiche: the func looks like some template promise or something
icebox: smiche: for devtools, I mean, you have a lot of tools to analyze the performance of the app
smiche: is there a possibility when I have both $templateCache and the actual template in a folder that it would pick the one in the folder?
icebox: smiche: you can see it inthe devtools, isn't it?
smiche: oh right, I'll check :D
smiche: yeh it seems to be getting the non cached ones
Pyrrhus666: smiche: have you got the &acute;disable cache&acute; option on in your devtools perhaps ?
Pyrrhus666: I know I always have it on :)
smiche: mine is off :p, I think I've done the html2js configuration wrong
smiche: or I guess it is, idk can't figure out much
None
smiche: I'd like to read it when I have the time x.x
smiche: in what way do you configure html2js for dev and prod?
smiche: listen for html change and re-run html2js task or use html straight away and somehow inject template module only to prod?
Elarcis: I like realtime markdown preview, really convenient :D
irssi88: me
arlekin: hi guys
arlekin: woah! was there some earthquake ?
arlekin: or, idk, some kind of black death or something ?
arlekin: looks like the channel has been cut in half, what gives ?
uru: arlekin: Netsplits while maintance is happening on Freenode's EU servers
arlekin: uru: Netsplits ??
uru: Yep. It's when one IRC server in the network shifts users to another server to reduce load or shutdown without disconnecting users.
arlekin: uru: but as you said it should not disconnect users, so what happened ?
arlekin: uru: its actually good occassion to poke the subject of slack and gitter
arlekin: i mean it seams that angular - especialy after ng2 - has more than one chat environment for talking about it
uru: arlekin: Sorry, my mistake, does disconnect.
arlekin: and now i wonder, are we some old school dinosaurs for hanging around irc or what ??
arlekin: uru: ok, makes sense
arlekin: anyway, i'd wanted to ask about yarn
arlekin: do we like it ? is it real deal or just&quot;new-and-shiny&quot;
uru: Not sure yet, I've not looked in to it yet but there seems to be a lot of hype about it. I really do hope it's better than npm as we've had lots of issues where with it.
amgel: hi, I am an angular15 user, angular 2 newbie
amgel: say if NG2's Component is directive in NG1, so, how to pass data into a component?
amgel: can we declare some attributes in component?
da_wunder: you pass that data on component constructor or OnInit method
None
None
LIERO: this breaks my animations when changing views
da_wunder: LIERO: create an issue to that repo with an example plunker
amgel: oh thanks da_wunder:
LIERO: i thought of simply using ng-show/ng-hide in the asidemenutoggle method
LIERO: ok, just a sec
Raja: can we have exact diff bw angularjs 1 n angular js 2 and what the new update in angularjs2
bd-: totally different frameworks
Raja: k
Raja: can u say more
bd-: do you have some more specific questions?
Raja: yes
Acer: can someone help?
Acer: how do you use custom filters with the pipe character?
Acer: ng-repeat=&quot;x in list| customFilter&quot;
bd-: exactly like that
Acer: it works if you do {{x | customFilter}} for each element
Acer: but not the whole list
Acer: bd-, doesn't work
bd-: your filter is probably not expecting a list then
bd-: fix filter to accept list instead
None
Acer: try switching the filter into the ng-repeat attribute
Acer: the filter does expect a list
None
bd-: no that filter iterates over characters in a string
Acer: bd-, did you try switching it
Acer: you get that duplicate error
Acer: li ng-repeat=&quot;x in names | myFormat&quot;:
bd-: yes, because that filter is designed to work on strings, not lists
Acer: {{x}}
rand0m: morning all :)
bd-: although that error is probably some other thing
Acer: bd-, what do you mean?
Acer: all it does is use a for loop on x and call .toUpperCase
Acer: x can be a list of strings
bd-: but it won't do what you think it will do
Pyrrhus666: and what does it return ? not a list...
bd-: ^
bd-: so the ng-repeat ends up iterating over a string rather than a list
Acer: Pyrrhus666, yes it returns a list
Pyrrhus666: nope. a string.
Acer: oh my bad
Pyrrhus666: your confusing formatting filters (like this) with collection filters (over which you can ng-repeat)
Acer:         var i, c, txt = [];
Acer: changing txt to [] still gives the same dupe error
bd-: yes, adding `track by $index` will fix that... but this still won't do what you expect
Pyrrhus666: because it still returns a string. see the text+=c
None
Acer: Pyrrhus666, list.append?
samu: I can't implement a 'clear selection' button when checklist models are used inside st-table, but it works fine outside of it
Pyrrhus666: or push
Pyrrhus666: with += you&acute;re coercing it to a string
bd-: or neither, run it through .map
Acer: .push worked
Elarcis: bd-: dunno what you're talking about, but map() is awesome
bd-: it is
Ards: Good morning guys !
Elarcis: bd-: I dunno but chaining .map(), .filter(), .reduce() and such really feels readable and convenient, even if not perfect performance wise (and even then, if it's just hundreds of elements, I guess it's negligible)
Acer: some help here?
Ards: I'm trying to figure out if my project would use Angular 2 or VueJS, anyone have experience on the matter ?
Pyrrhus666: Acer: .push worked, didn&acute;t it ?
Acer: yeah this is slightly different
Elarcis: Ards: VueJS is nice and small to develop quickly, angular 2 is a full blown front-end framework if you want a strict and scalable app. but since you're not giving us your project's details, it's hard to tell you what to use
Acer: i am trying to use the filter to find an element
Acer: a search bar
Ards: @Elarcis: indeed, this is a full blown CRM application
Elarcis: Ards: angular 2
Ards: @Elarcis: thanks !
Ards: @Elarcis: is there any large applications developed with Angular 2 besides Google Music as you know of ?
Acer: how do inject a dependency into a filter?
smiche: I'd start with the latest angular1 and move onto angular2 when it's more stable
Acer: its saying it can't find the dependency to inject
Elarcis: Ards: I don't think Google Music has been developed with angular 2
bd-: dfp is angular2 i think, or angular2dart
bd-: or was it adwords
None
None
Ards: Elarcis: Thanks ! :)
Acer: app.filter('myFormat', function($scope) {
Acer: doesn't work
Elarcis: Ards: the projects don't seem to be big famous websites, but the framework hasn't been released for long enough I guess
Ards: @Elarcis: indeed
bd-: Acer: what are you even trying to do
Acer: well you know how you can do a simple search bar using ng-repeat=&quot;x in list | filter:searchText&quot; ?
smiche: x is your filter input, you don't need scope
Acer: i need to do the same again but this time against a collection of objects not strings
Acer: so i thought i would write a custom filter for that
Acer: &quot;x in list| customFilter(searchText)&quot;
Acer: and then check x.name == searchText inside the filter
Acer: or something
None
Acer: can you see that?
smiche: sec nvm :D
smiche: would be nice if this didn't crash on me
Acer: not sure if you guys can see what i am doing
icebox: Pyrrhus666: rejoined :)
Acer: basically need to access the searchText from inside the filter
Pyrrhus666: icebox: split survived ! :)
None
baako: thing in it. What will be the best approch please
arlekin: and here i am disconnecting and reconnecting each time...
Acer: guys?
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: won&acute;t work with a split.
Acer: can you see the code? it says 3 viewers
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: and why is that, pray ?
None
smiche: don't use jsbin, my chrome crashed on it when I tried to view your stuff
smiche: is this what you need?
baako: hi Pyrrhus666
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: because the network links are severed, and irc hosts don&acute;t see eachother. it&acute;s not you, it&acute;s a problem between servers,
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: we didn't understood eachother - i meant that while ppl are all over this splits thingy, i always open and close my weechat according to the need of using irc...
Acer: smiche, no i pasted some code in there
Acer: can you see it?
smiche: click save
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: and like I said, with a real net split, that won&acute;t help ;)
Acer: i clicked fork
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: well i didn't expect that to help since i don't see any problem as of now at least
Acer: and froze it
None
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: the split was fixed 2 hours ago, so yes :)
smiche: Acer: then send me link
bd-: you probably want something like that
None
rand0m: haay Pyrrhus666
None
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: then the whole discussion was totally academic
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: the best kind :)
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: :D iknowrite
Pyrrhus666: hey rand0m, baako
baako: how are you today Pyrrhus666
smiche: Acer: why are you trying to inject scope in the filter? did you even check the plunker I made?
smiche: bd's works just as good
None
Pyrrhus666: baako: still lacking a decent sexlife, otherwise okay. btw, I don&acute;t understand what you&acute;re trying to do with your code.
Acer: ok so that works
Pyrrhus666: I see you getting the collection twice (two .all calls) and returning it once. what do you expect ?
Acer: customFilter:searchText works
baako: Pyrrhus666, ahahaha
baako: Pyrrhus666, what i am trying to do is hold the restangular object in a variable and use that instead of asking the server everytime. I should only ask the server only if the variable holding the restangualr stuff is empty
Pyrrhus666: but you have _two_ collections. one you keep in the function, and one you return. the don&acute;t refer to the same thing.
None
rand0m: when you search for random string like p32rew0jsipcoanpwe90jsiocac you'll see a message with retry and cancel buttons
rand0m: when I click cancel I'm expecting the form to clear, and ready to accept new query. UNfortunately that isn't happening
rand0m: i.e, I can type in string and it works fine, but I belive the cancel button code is the culprit
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s exactly what I see though...
baako: Pyrrhus666, i see the issue
rand0m: me?
bd-: errr
baako: its because when i refresh the page
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: yes
bd-: var el = document.querySelector(&quot;.queryString&quot;); angular.element(el).val(&quot;&quot;);
bd-: whit
baako: so i need to keep the restangualar response in something
baako: localstorage
rand0m: bd-, I've tried angular.element(&quot;.queryString&quot;)
bd-: that isn't really way to be doing things
Pyrrhus666: baako: why are you refreshing the page ?
rand0m: that doesnt work :/
rand0m: I get an error saying that jqLite cannot be used to directly target classes/elements
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: what&acute;s wrong with a good old &uml;reset&uml; control ?
baako: Pyrrhus666, am stupid
rand0m: I don't know :s
rand0m: is there a reset control?
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: button type=&uml;reset&uml;: or input type=&uml;reset&uml;:
rand0m: oh
bd-: rand0m: you want to set the queryString value to '' on the scope or whatever, not directly doing it on the dom element
rand0m: you mean html element
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: that&acute;s the point, isn;t it ? resetting your form ?
Pyrrhus666: baako: so fixed ? :)
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, resetting in the sense, hiding the popup
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: that&acute;s a side-effect from resetting.
Acer: when angular shows and hides elements with ng-repeat=&quot;x in list|customFilter:searchText&quot;
baako: Pyrrhus666, yes thank you
Pyrrhus666: so the click resets the form (in whatever way) and then closes the modal ?
Acer: does it make a request each time?
Acer: the elements contain some images that are giving 404s each time they come into view
Pyrrhus666: Acer: afaik no. show/hide don&acute;t alter the dom.
rand0m: bd-, the 'queryString' property belongs to githubSearchController
Pyrrhus666: Acer: that&acute;s probably the browser ?
Acer: each time i change the searchText it keeps rerequesting
rand0m: the resetQuery() function is inside githubSearchResultsController
bd-: rand0m: yea, so you could either use events to pass a clear from one to another or restructue so results is a child scope of search
Acer: is that just because the images are giving 404s or will that happens even if the images are downloaded?
bd-: or move some of it to home controller
Pyrrhus666: Acer: a 404 should not trigger a reload, unless you force that somehow. got plunk ?
Acer: well its a lot of code
Elarcis: the PM being a bitch again
arlekin: Elarcis: women....
Elarcis: arlekin: he's a he
arlekin: Elarcis: in that case i'd use an expression &quot;son of a bitch&quot; instead
Elarcis: 'I didn't agree to this! _I literally have a photograph of what we discussed on and that you validated. _I didn't understand you meant that! _The photograph shows the annotation you made me write according to what you understood.'
Acer: Pyrrhus666, basically its a page to display a list of products for a ecommerce site
Acer: each product is a custom directive tile
Acer: i am using image ng-src=&quot;{{product.id}}.jpg&quot;
Acer: inside the template file
Elarcis: sometimes I want to fucking punch him in the throat. he's reinventing stuff I never said, or stuff we agreed on and he suddenly decides is not okay or that he forgot
arlekin: Elarcis: if you never said it how can he REinvent it ?
Elarcis: arlekin: he takes something I said, and changes it to something that fits his view
Elarcis: arlekin: 'YOU told me it wasn't a vector but a matrix! _no, I told you it wasn't a matrix, but a tuple list'
rand0m: ok fixed it :)
rand0m: haay Elarcis
bd-: did you fix it in a way that involved removing the angular.element calls and settings .val() directly on dom elements?
arlekin: Elarcis: can't you just ignore it, do what YOU meant, and hope he won't notice
Elarcis: arlekin: except he does notice that, since that's why he's bitching
rand0m: yes bd-
rand0m: hang on, let me update the plnk
arlekin: Elarcis: fuck it, have some final spec in writing
None
arlekin: Elarcis: i mean, that way at least there is no ambiguity
bd-: close enough i guess
arlekin: Elarcis: i guess we can safely assume he wants to have shit done
arlekin: Elarcis: so there is no upside in not knowing what was said
icebox: what are you talking about?
rand0m: haay icebox
arlekin: Elarcis: worst case scenario you can always fire up some recording app while talking, and &quot;in case of emergency - play it back&quot;
Elarcis: only 1h30 left
bd-: rand0m: the only thing to consider is that because your search factory is a singleton you can only ever have 1 search box
rand0m: yes, thats what I want :)
rand0m: hmm, looks like ubuntu is hiring web dev in london ::
seer: hi guys
seer: who's know how i can change bots
seer: because someone change &quot;http&quot; on &quot;https&quot;
seer: and bot don't work now :/
icebox: seer: this is #angularjs
arlekin: seer: you unlace it, take one off, repeat with another and then...
seer: arlekin you can do it ?
icebox: seer: it is not skynet
seer: have skype or something I will write you all :)
seer: I need help just :/
arlekin: seer: dude, i was joking...
seer: haha np np
rand0m: whats a bot
seer: rand0m look it was robbery
rand0m: :|
seer: but crew's change &quot;http&quot; on &quot;https&quot;
rand0m: oh
rand0m: you mean hack?
seer: ya
seer: because
seer: someone from ang
seer: make it for me
seer: and I need know I can fix it
seer: or not possible :D
rand0m: whats the bot?
rand0m: what does it do
seer: rand
seer: give me skype
rand0m: i dont use skype sorry :(
arlekin: oh dear...
seer: :/
seer: look
seer: i opened console
seer: and paste code
rand0m: ok
seer: $ajax or something
seer: because angular team did it for me
rand0m: $.ajax
seer: ya
seer: and it robb without refresh
seer: and take energy from nightlife and again robb
seer: u know
rand0m: now thats where im lost
seer: but now is problem
seer: :/
rand0m: whats robb?
rand0m: whats nightlife
seer: look
seer: have &quot;motocyle&quot;
rand0m: ok
arlekin: trolls be crazy
rand0m: are you serious arlekin ?
seer: arlekin what you need from me?
seer: I'm just need know
seer: who can fix it
None
rand0m: go to that site, and create a copy of your app
arlekin: rand0m: well, that discussion seems at best random (no pun intended)
Pyrrhus666: it is like
Pyrrhus666: talking in
Pyrrhus666: ver
rand0m: from what i've learnt speaking to people on IRC is that some of them are not good english speakers, but they try to convey the messagae as best as they can
grizzm0: :o
Pyrrhus666: short sentences
seer: yeh
Germanaz0: Hello, I have a question, I have forked a repository into my private repository, and now what I am trying to do is to inlcude it into npm, on package.json I have `@myVendor/chips&quot;: &quot;git+ssh://git at github dot com/myVendorOrg/MyVendor.git#master:src/platform/chips` but instead save into node_modules/@myOrg/chips it only saves on node_modules/chips
rand0m: seer where is your application ?
seer: rand0m look I have bot for robbery dw &quot;motorocyle&quot; 50% energy take and maybe &quot;mafia&quot; take 25 energy you have 100 energy yeah?
rand0m: oh
arlekin: rand0m: true, but sometimes its easy to mistake such person with someone being difficult on purpose
angularjs691: Hi All
rand0m: you're talking about a game
seer: because
seer: yeh rand
seer: I have ready code
rand0m: where is the code?
seer: i have it
seer: on my pc
icebox: Germanaz0: ask it in node.js channel
Germanaz0: ok sorry
angularjs691: Could somebody help me with an angular2 http promise?
icebox: Germanaz0: or read npm docs
Germanaz0: I could not find nodejs chan
None
arlekin: Germanaz0: weird, it should be under #nodejs
icebox: Germanaz0: #node.js
seer: rand wait
arlekin: Germanaz0: but then again it could be fault of splits
Pyrrhus666: is he gonna paste code ?
rand0m: not sure
Germanaz0: yes
Germanaz0: indeed
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: im starting to think it is some terrible misunderstanding
rand0m: Germanaz0, I havent seen any pattern such as node_modules/org/package
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: though for sure the suspense is sky-high
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: yeah. I&acute;m trying to figure out where though :)
Germanaz0: yes rand0m is like node_modules/@angular
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: well,... above ? :P
Germanaz0: or @types
Pyrrhus666: da-dum, da-dum, da-dum
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: tss...
rand0m: not sure what @types is
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: haha :)
seer: bro for what need code? you need know what is the game
seer: and spy it
seer: cause it was work
seer: but it change &quot;http&quot; to new &quot;https&quot;
seer: beta.thecrims.com
seer: it is the game
None
rand0m: Pyrrhus666 ^
yottabyte: what is angular bootstrap? it's custom html elements modeled after bootstrap or what? do you need boostrap to use angular bootstrap?
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: da-dum != ba-dum-tss :P
rand0m: its the same :P
rand0m: seer
arlekin: rand0m: thats nice gif :P
rand0m: whats wrong with the site ?
seer: wait
None
seer: look this
arlekin: seer: its security measure
arlekin: seer: taken up by developers of the game i guess
None
arlekin: seer: so no dumbass'es try to cheat and ruin the game for the rest of the players...
arlekin: just sayin'
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: hehe, yeah :)
None
seer: but It was work man :) yesterday they changed something :D
seer: but ok np
baako: Pyrrhus666, is it because it is not a nested state
baako: ?
None
arlekin: rand0m: dude... please don't
Pyrrhus666: baako: my guess is that in the location you do the $state.go(), the state you refer to (app.shops) isn&acute;t known, because you define that elsewhere.
rand0m: dont what?
seer: :/
seer: but rand0m thx for help :)
seer: good guy :D I know that you need know how play on this game
seer: and I think you can fix it but I can't write you it
arlekin: prais the lord
arlekin: *praise
baako: Pyrrhus666, how do i make it know please?
Pyrrhus666: baako: make sure the state is defined before trying to go to it. it&acute;s difficult to say without knowing your setup how you should do that.
baako: Pyrrhus666, its okay for now will be back tomorrow :D
karthikeyan: Hi
icebox: karthikeyan: hey
karthikeyan: I want to have a start with angular  as a beginner
karthikeyan: whats the best tutorial to start with
karthikeyan: and How long will it take to learn to build a simple app
icebox: karthikeyan: angular 1 or angular 2?
karthikeyan: angular1
karthikeyan: I am at very basic level
None
icebox: karthikeyan: read the code style guide by John Papa or Todd Motto
Foxandxss: how long, that depend entirely on you
None
icebox: karthikeyan: and of course play with the code
None
Pyrrhus666: &uml;available in angular-cli !&uml; bummer :)
Pyrrhus666: although I must say tslint alone goes a long way already. at least, for what I have done so far.,
arnsa: hello
grizzm0: Pyrrhus666, What's wrong with angular-cli? :p
arnsa: does anyone have any clue why angular route doesn't work on webpack server? Let's say I have this route .when('/abc', { template: '', controller: function ($location,$rootScope) { console.log('blabla'); }}); but when I wisit localhost:8080/abc, nothing happens
rand0m: depends on how your webpack is configured
Pyrrhus666: grizzm0: in theory, nothing ;)
smiche: do you prefer to give users freedom or guide them of doing things in one consistent way?
rand0m: arnsa normally, you'd have to specify the root directory for your app in webpack
rand0m: if that is different to that of your angular app, then that should be the issue
runtyrobot: It's been quite a while since I've had this much fun coding, since I started with angular.
arnsa: rand0m: the whole app works perfectly, except for the router. It seems that it doesn't do anything
grizzm0: Pyrrhus666, But... ? ;D
rand0m: arnsa, i assume that you're using ui-router
arnsa: rand0m: I am using angular-route
None
arnsa: rand0m: already did
rand0m: do you get any errors?
arnsa: no :(
arnsa: and $routeProvider is injected properly
bd-: : Angular Material has changed from @angular2-material/... packages to a single package under @angular/material
bd-: fuck sake, i have to go change all my material imports *again*
icebox: arnsa: do you  mean without webpack, the app works correctly?
arnsa: icebox: no, with webpack. Everything works, except for the router
icebox: arnsa: you need to narrow the issue... without webpack is that route working?
arnsa: I have even added .otherwise({ redirectTo: '/something' });
arnsa: and it doesn't do anything
icebox: arnsa: if you think it is a webpack issue, you need to check the app without webpack
arnsa: icebox: but it's not going to work without webpack server, is it?
icebox: arnsa: if you think it is a misconfigured routing, you need to provide a minimal working plunmker reproducing the issue
icebox: arnsa: if you narrow the issue, reducing the code at the minimal, you get a test code showing your issue (eventually without webpack)
icebox: arnsa: up to you :)
icebox: arnsa: here ngRoute works correctly
icebox: arnsa: otherwise I am open to any suggestion how to troubleshoot your use case
arnsa: icebox: I just tried to build the project and run it on http-server, still nothing
icebox: arnsa: you know, &quot;it doesn't work&quot; doesn't mean anything... we don't know your setup, we don't know your code implementation :)
arnsa: icebox: $routeProvider is implemented exactly how it's shown in the example
arnsa: and by doesn't work I mean it doesn't react to anything :D
icebox: arnsa: ok... 16 mins and counting... :)
Pyrrhus666: off early today ? ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: no... they spend 16 mins saying &quot;it doesn't work&quot; without providing any detail to help them
Pyrrhus666: ah, counting up :)
Pyrrhus666: always nice, those &uml;it doesn&acute;t work&uml; bug reports. the most joyous to try and solve :)
da_wunder: :D
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I thought the problem was related to template-less route... but I have a working example about that
icebox: Pyrrhus666: then I tried that kind of route in a webpack setup... and it works
Pyrrhus666: debugging a packed build just isn&acute;t going to fly...
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: so I gave a look in github issues for edge cases
arnsa: icebox: I created plunker
icebox: arnsa: please, replace requires with angular and angular-route tag scripts
icebox: arnsa: I saw... and it displays errors in the console
None
icebox: arnsa: perfect! :)
arnsa: icebox: so what's wrong with it?
icebox: arnsa: now it is missing a link to change the state
arnsa: what do you mean:
arnsa: ?
None
icebox: arnsa: maybe I understood the misunderstanding... do you expect changing the url in the browser bar, the state in the routing is activated?
arnsa: are you talking about html anchor tag or what?
arnsa: yes
arnsa: for example when I wisit localhost:8080/something, I want that routing to be activated
arnsa: .when('/something'
superman_01_: hy
superman_01_: need some help
superman_01_: i'm want to build nested accordion that when i press an accordion will create a new accordion inside that accordionTab
superman_01_: any ideea ? :)
Preuk: superman_01_: ng1? ng2?
superman_01_: ng2
arnsa: icebox: is that possible?
Pyrrhus666: arnsa: that should be possible, it&acute;s what I do as well
superman_01_: i found something that was dynamically loading info in my component
None
arnsa: icebox, Pyrrhus666 what I am trying to do is implement login through social networks. So for example when I try to login through twitter, I click on twitter icon, it redirects me to twitter's webpage, I authorize and then it redirects me back to my webpage and there's outh token in the link which I need to access somehow
superman_01_: preuk do you have any ideea ? :)
icebox: superman_01_: router has lazy loading
arnsa: icebox: were you reffering to me?
superman_01_: icebox , i want to display that in an accordion list
superman_01_: i don't need routing for that
superman_01_: i guess
icebox: superman_01_: you said &quot;i found something that was dynamically loading info in my component&quot;
icebox: superman_01_: it is enoug to use &quot;loadChildren&quot; property in route defintion for that
superman_01_: yeah , after doing a http call , the answer was loaded in my component
arnsa: icebox: so can you help on on that? :/
icebox: arnsa: be patient, please
arnsa: icebox: ok, sorry
arnsa: icebox: btw, I was thinking maybe I could use $location.path()?
icebox: arnsa: I am trying to understand because that route is not loaded playing with the code.. I don't know if it is expected or not
icebox: arnsa: firstly your forgot ng-app=&quot;myApp&quot;
superman_01_: icebox , i don't see how i can use loadChildren , to get data data from server when i press on an item and display it in an accordion
superman_01_: because i need to add dynamically a new accordion
superman_01_: inside the first accordion
icebox: superman_01_: maybe I misunderstood your needs when you said &quot;i found something that was dynamically loading info in my component&quot;
arnsa: icebox: it still doesn't work
icebox: arnsa: sure... I know
superman_01_: well , what i want is : make a call , get 3 accordionTab , press on a Tab , the make a call , show 3 Tabs inside the Tab that i pressed
superman_01_: is that possible :
superman_01_: ?
icebox: superman_01_: yes, it is
superman_01_: how ?
icebox: superman_01_: I should write the code :)
superman_01_: can you give me a hint ?
superman_01_: or can we continue the conversation over skype , mail ?
arnsa: :D never heard that suggestion before
icebox: superman_01_: the workflow is equals to loading dynamically the content for a tab
superman_01_: yes , but i tried to use angular2-componentOutlet , and the component
superman_01_: does not recognize my accordion
arnsa: icebox: so how about I use $location.path() to check the url and see if it's the one I need. If it is, then I'll do X
icebox: superman_01_: no idea about that lib
icebox: arnsa: I would prefer to understand why that route is not loaded :)
arnsa: icebox: maybe it's expected behaviour
superman_01_: ok , but what lib would you use ?
superman_01_: for ng2
icebox: superman_01_: I am afraid there are not many widget lib ready to use in angular 2
superman_01_: can i integrate some lib from angular 1 in side angular 2 ?
superman_01_: and still work the same
htd: hi, starting to understand how angular2 works. pretty cool stuff. Can anybody suggest a UI element framework? I tried to use PrimeNG but both useful input components (spinner and slider) of them are buggy
Pyrrhus666: htd: angular-material is sort of the default (since it&acute;s made by the angular team)
superman_01_: i use PrimeNG , there are some bugs unfortunatley but that just because is the beginning
htd: Pyrrhus666: thanks will look at it
htd: superman_01_: I do understand it is beta, but I didn't expect that
superman_01_: icebox , and in angular1 what widghet should i be using
Pyrrhus666: htd: you&acute;re welcome. be aware that it
None
htd: haha, living on the edge, no problem as long as my mini requirements are fulfilled
karthikeyan_: Hi
None
icebox: arnsa: two things... controller property needs a controller, not a function... and check absolute path and relative one
arnsa: icebox: but what if I need to activate route when the page has loaded and nothing was clicked?
Pyrrhus666: arnsa: the route activates on a direct http request as well (which you can&acute;t emulate in plunkr I think)
Pyrrhus666: although I don&acute;t know how that works with a template-less route...
icebox: arnsa: really I don't know if there is any diff with ui router (I am used to that) with respect to that behaviour
icebox: arnsa: it should work... you should try that plunker example locally
arnsa: icebox: okay, thank you
icebox: arnsa: you are welcome
Pyrrhus666: arnsa: just tried a direct request to a template-less route with my setup. works fine.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: about superman_01_ request... usually I don't fit the chosen widget lib to the app, but the app to the lib :)
DaveS: Hi, can anyone tell me how to remove the behaviour of an attribute directive and after that add a new one, without removing the element that contains the attribute directive
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I mean, user experience around the widget lib, not the opposite... maybe it is heresy for UI designers :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: me too :) and I don&acute;t really care what the UI designers think about that ;)
icebox: DaveS: science finction :)
icebox: DaveS: what is your use case?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: poor frontend devs... :) between UI designers and backend architects :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: indeed SPAs are a very annoying thing for them :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: hehe. I take the framework and chosen ui-lib as a given, and don&acute;t try to fight it (unlike some people we know)
icebox: DaveS: any detail? :)
elsevero: can I set the trigger of the filter to be on blur (bind-event) ?
icebox: elsevero: bind-event? blur is ng-blur
wwwertti: What is the best way to transfer data from PHP to angular? I need to tell angular the id of a document so it fetches the right comments.
elsevero: yeah, found a way by directive approach (ng-model-blur)
elsevero: icebox: thanks!
icebox: elsevero: ah ok... you are welcome
icebox: wwwertti: $http
icebox: wwwertti: meaning, ajax call
icebox: wwwertti: separating frontend layer from backend one
wwwertti: icebox: ajax call to ask the id first? or what do you mean?
DaveS: icebox: I have a div that has draggable behaviour with an attribute directive 'drag-me' after draggig
None
DaveS: icebox: sorry, I have a div that has draggable behaviour with an attribute directive 'drag-me'. After dragging I want to remove that attribute and add another directive
wwwertti: icebox: Yes thats what im doing, but how the angular knows which particular id to request?
icebox: DaveS: for drag and drop you may give a look at dragula lib
icebox: DaveS: you mean, you want to enable or to disable drag feature
wwwertti: icebox: Could I use for example ng-init to tell that this article id is x so that angular requests /api/comments/x?
DaveS: icebox: yes, and actually also adding new feature
icebox: wwwertti: as usual, using the model
None
icebox: in a few minutes... I am off
Pyrrhus666: laterz icebox !
Kage: I'm getting the oddest error.  It seems that having a &quot;hr /:&quot; tag is causing angular compile errors.
Kage: I can't seem to isolate it, but when I remove those tags the compile error goes away
Pyrrhus666: Kage: and hr:/hr: ?
Kage: In HTML hr has no end tag.  in XHTML it must be hr /:
Kage: doing hr:/hr: doesn't work in some browsers
Pyrrhus666: then try hr:
DaveS: icebox: a lot of my app is already implemented with the darg that I have, so that is not going to work. But is it possible to disable/remove directives? I saw examples that first removed the elements and placed back modified copies. But then I loose reference to the original element
Pyrrhus666: sometimes self closing tags cause weird stuff.
Preuk: Kage: angular seems to be picky about spaces in self-closing tags, had troubles with AoT
Preuk: try hr/: (no space)
Pyrrhus666: Preuk: oh wow, that shitty...
Preuk: it was in a RC, can't remember when
Kage: I use br /: all the time with no problems (don't judge me!)
Kage: Arg, ok the error came back.   Not only do I get this error, but my elements are now getting rearranged, I must have some type of HTML syntax error somewhere
amgel: hi angular cli generated project, how to add a script src=...:, the index.html does not have any script tags
Pyrrhus666: Kage: the rearranging suggest a nesting error somewhere.
grizzm0: amgel, Inside angular-cli.json
grizzm0: apps.scripts
amgel: thanks grizzm0:
Kage: Pyrrhus666: this is such a headach, been chasing this for two days now
Pyrrhus666: a good editor will show nesting problems... but it can be annoying yes.
Kage: Worst part, it happens in chrome but not in IE
Felishia: how does $q work in angular?
Felishia: is it the same as promise?
Kage: Felishia: yes
Pyrrhus666: Kage: hehe. reverse world... but that too points to something with the html.
Kage: Pyrrhus666: I think it has something to do with a custom directive I'm using, and it's not showing the error cause it's in the script: tag so my editor isn't seeing it as HTML
Pyrrhus666: just make an external template for it and see if that makes the problem visible ?
Felishia: Kage, ok so that does mean that
Kage: Well, I got about 6 custom templates, so that is a headache, though at this point I guess not doing it taking more time.
None
Felishia: somePromise.then(myThen,myCatch).then(myThen2) will reach to myThen2 regardless that the previous chain caches right?
Kage: Felishia: myThen2 gets the return value of myThen
Felishia: Kage, what if myCatch gets called?
Felishia: I've never used promises that way LOL
anotheryou: Hi, can I paste a single line? I'm trying to refactor from ng-repeat with ng-if to a filter in ng-repeat, but don't know how. (I'm an ng newb)
icebox: DaveS: maybe it is feasible... really never I tried it
Felishia: halp :(
Germanaz0: hello, this is the proper channel to talk about angular2 ? I have some issues
Germanaz0: to solve
icebox: Ukats: well... that is not an angular issue... it is about crypt algorithm :)
Kage: If myCatch is called.... I believe myThen2 gets the return value of that as well.  Though within myCatch you call $q.reject() to not call it.
icebox: Germanaz0: yes, it is
Germanaz0: ok I did something, I had put some modules outside the normal structure, it is on src/platform/myModule, now when I try to serve that using ng serve, it throws me a couple of errors, like Can't resolve the css file (which is an scss, I guess that cannot compile because is not proper mapped) and also the same erorr with myModule.component.ts
Kage: Felishia: d.promise.then(function () {return &quot;a&quot;;}, function () {return &quot;b&quot;;}).then(function(a) { console.log(a); });    this will output &quot;a&quot; if d is resolved, and &quot;b&quot; if d is rejected.
icebox: off... bye
Ukats: Thanks Icebox:.
Felishia: Kage, what about if instead of return &quot;b&quot; I return nothing
Germanaz0: btw my angular version is angular-cli: 1.0.0-beta.15 and node version is 5.7.0
anotheryou: Well... Any Idea on how to but my ng-if in a filter instead?: thing ng-repeat=&quot;thing in things&quot; ng-if=&quot;thing.shallBeShown&quot;:/thing:
Kage: Felishia: then &quot;undefined&quot; is printed
Felishia: then &quot;a&quot; and undefined
Felishia: so it always chains... because I'm catching...
None
Kage: Felishia: it doesn't always chain, you can use $q.reject()
icebox: Felishia: very worthy reading :)
Felishia: icebox, I know promises :.: I just never in the world saw the use of the second argument ::c T__T
Felishia: so what I understand is that that is the equivalent of
Felishia: d.promise.then(returnA).catch(returnB).then()
icebox: Felishia: indeed... .then.catch is recommended rather than .then(success, error)
icebox: Felishia: no... it is not equivalent
Felishia: o.O
Felishia: how isn't it?
icebox: Felishia: read that post :) we have a problem with promises :)
icebox: off
Felishia: oooh
Felishia: so it's somePromise.catch().then().then... :o
Felishia: ok now
Felishia: I need everyone's promise expertise D:
Felishia: how do I force a promise to stop :(
map_reduce: Felishia: is promise of expertise enough ? :D
map_reduce: LOL
Felishia: I was told not to modify the code only the part that does this...
Felishia: this code is a mess
Felishia: D:
Kage: you only want to chain promises in certain curicumstances
anotheryou: ah, found my problem, need to move &quot;track by&quot; behind the filter
Felishia: the function that says UploadImage gets the image dimensions and the function that says ImageEditor uploads the image
Felishia: guys halp D:
Felishia: this is legacy level 3
Kage: Felishia: d.promise.then(function () {return &quot;a&quot;;}, function () { return $q.reject(); }).then(function(a) { console.log(a); });
Kage: Felishia: this outputs nothing.
Kage: by return $q.reject();, you reject future 'then's
Felishia: Kage, so $q.reject will kill the promise...?
Felishia: it's like throwing an error?
anth0ny: Is it possible to use a property from an observable in a view? eg. {{ obs$.foo | async }}
Kage: Well.... it kills the next 'then'
anth0ny: (asking re: Angular2)
Felishia: no I need to kill everything D:
Felishia: even the caches
Felishia: there's a chain of a hundred promises here
Felishia: and the guy thought that when he catched the chain would stop
Kage: then you are misusing promises.
Felishia: meee?
Kage: A promise should be resolved or rejected.
Felishia: I didn't write this code! ::c
rand0m: Felishia, this is how I wrote in my project
None
rand0m: some braces are ommitted by mistake
Kage: That's one option, replace the promise with a new promise then don't do anything with the new promise.
Felishia: oh gosh...
Felishia: that's so patchy...
Felishia: :( why do companies love legacy code?
Felishia: and now make me a contributor...
Felishia: anyway I'll go home
Felishia: have a good day guys :)
Felishia: I'll probably ask a couple more questions tomorrow.
rand0m: brrrreeeaaaaakffaaaassstttt!!
rand0m: Kage, quick question
Kage: ?
rand0m: i have a list of items on ui and each item is linked to same page project.html
rand0m: my plan is that when I click an item, the data associated with that item should be passed on to the controller which takes care of project.html
Kage: So you have two controllers on the same page which are siblings? and you want to know how to pass info from one controller to another?
rand0m: no, the pages are different
Kage: Are you using ui-router?
rand0m: yes
None
Kage: rand0m: you need to pass the value as a stateParam
rand0m: yeah so I have this property in my state
rand0m: url: '/project/:projectId',
rand0m: im trying to figure out what to write in ui-sref
None
Kage: ui-sref=&quot;project({projectId: item.id})&quot;
rand0m: Thats what I thought too
rand0m: but what would I do on the next page
rand0m: there is no API to get data via ID
wwwertti: how can i pass a constant to controller from view?
technoloG: any reason why after using npm install for missing dependencies, the 'UNMET PEER DEPENDENCY' still appears
rand0m: have you deleted and reinstalled to make sure  that this happens always technoloG
technoloG: not sure how to do that, I'm new to this
rand0m: ok ok dont worry
rand0m: unmet thingy happens when something hasn't been installed
rand0m: what I suggest is that you delete your node_modules folder and try installing again
technoloG: ok cool
rand0m: if this error occours again, then you try to update node and try installing after that
technoloG: ok thanks man
rand0m: np
rand0m: good luck
technoloG: hehe thanks
jackhum: hi
rand0m: im getting this issue  TransitionRejection(type: 2, message: The transition has been superseded by a different transition, detail: Transition#1( ''{} -: 'home'{} ))
rand0m: any idea why?
geoid: angular 1.x directives: if I use the &quot;require&quot; property then it seems I lose reference to the controller defined by &quot;controller&quot;?
bd-: : Yarn: A new package manager for JavaScript
bd-: wow just what we needed, a new package manager for javascript
GreenJello: it's basically an alternative npm client
GreenJello: I switched to it because it lets me shrinkwrap/lock dependencies despite a peer dep issue
jr3: does controllerAs work differently with nested views with a controller?
jr3: view does seem to see my vm
kaak: how should I be documenting my angularjs project?
runtyrobot: I'm trying to parse data fetched via angular to an ordinary js script (to call a graph making tool) - but I can't seem to get it to work properly. When using angular.element().scope() I can get my main object - but I can't reference the values, they remain as unset. Am I going about this wrong?
kaak: jsdoc? ngdoc? dgeni?
Hedges: does anyone have a pointer to the angular team's directions for building an angular app into one uglyfied file for production?
kaak: Hedges: It's no fun setting up, but in my opinion worthwhile to use browserify to get all of your project files and dependencies in to a single (optionally uglified) build file
None
Hedges: MANY THANKS kaak!
Germanaz0: Someone here is good with npm and packages.json ? I have my private registry, I used npm config set registry .. but when I want to install for example, @angular2, it says that the package cannot be found, how to set to use the normal npm registry and my custom registry for my private packages ?
akkonrad: what should I use to store jwt token - sessionStorage or cookieStorage?
akkonrad: I'd rather use cookieStorage because of persitence of cookies after browser closing
Nasp: Use localstorage
kaak: Hedges: The really tricky part with browserify and angular is that you have two dependency managers that need to cooperate. browserify's 'require()' and angular's DI. I declare angular modules in files with module in their name. (e.g. users.module.js) and configure browserfy to bundle those files first, followed by all other modules
None
kaak: Then use angular's DI within the rest of your application -- this keeps a clean separation between the two dependency managers
abyx: argh why isn't my select: being updated when i change the ng-model? @_@
abyx: I'm using ng-options to populate the select element, the values and text of the options: are set as expected. There's a 1-way binding TO the $scope variable, but not FROM it
runtyrobot: Nevermind - some wonderful human being made an angular library to chartjs
Hedges: kaak...i have alot to learn. built a big nice app without first thinking about these issues. thanks again for the info.
jrozner: new to angular an have inherited an awful code base. Looking at the controller definitions and was wondering what defines the values in the locals array that is passed to the controller?
andygmb: if I have a Map() object in my scope and I want to use its keys for ng-options, how can I?
Mr_Grim1: Some guys on #JavaScript are saying bower is junk
Mr_Grim1: What do you guys use?
None
rand0m: I used to use bower Mr_Grim1
rand0m: now i only use npm
Mr_Grim1: Bower is more for front end HTML5 only anyway right?
rand0m: no wait
rand0m: Geminizer, is that angular?
Geminizer: Hi rand0m,  yes :)
rand0m: Mr_Grim1, from my usage, I infer that Bower is just a command line interface for github
rand0m: you could do the same via npm
rand0m: then I realised, why would I need to use 2 different manifests to package application
rand0m: i.e, the end user has to run npm install, bower install  ; If I use only npm then it would be one less step
Mr_Grim1: Good point
rand0m: now can I know what did you mean by more for front end html5?
rand0m: Geminizer, when you request /day4/ do you see your content?
Mr_Grim1: Rand0m code that only will run in a web browser
Mr_Grim1: Nothing server side
rand0m: ah
rand0m: makes sense
None
Mr_Grim1: That would me no gulp, no jshint
Mr_Grim1: Things like that
Mr_Grim1: Gulp, jshint and minify and uglify tools I would install with npm
rand0m: you could install via bower too :)
Mr_Grim1: Those are tools that alter the web application for production but are not part of it
None
Mr_Grim1: This is what I was looking for
andygmb: does angular.js (1.5.8) have issues displaying Map() objects in templates?
rand0m: yes, in order to get the code to make your project production ready we would need bower/npm to fetch them
rand0m: wb wafflejock
rand0m: what is Map() ??
Geminizer: I would expect my $stateProvider to take care of understanding how to take the URL and render the respective content
None
rand0m: Mr_Grim1, from that URL I understand that wiredep will inject my resources on to the page is that it
rand0m: andygmb, this is similar to that of an object no
Mr_Grim1: Yes thats right rand0m
Mr_Grim1: i don't want to have to write script .../:* for every js file in my bower.json
Mr_Grim1: I want it on auto
Mr_Grim1: Same with the *.css files
soee: anyone has some tutorial how to start with i18n and angular-cli ?
rand0m: no clue andygmb
rand0m: im lost
None
rand0m: maybe that will help?
rand0m: Mr_Grim1, normally you would only have to include 1 js and 1 css
rand0m: I would in my project, so I wouldnt use wiredep as it would be useless for me
rand0m: hay dopry
dopry: rand0m, Que pasa?
rand0m: muy bein
rand0m: tu?
dopry: bien.
rand0m: aahhh
rand0m: donde esta me pantalones?
rand0m: jaja
dopry: ojalo que estan en sus piernas.
rand0m: nein :(
dopry: su cabeza?
rand0m: jaj
rand0m: cabbage = round; head = round
rand0m: cabeza = cabbage = head
rand0m: thats how I remeber :p
rand0m: +m
dopry: I don't really speak spanish. I just pretend to. but what's up? did you wrap up that github search tool you were working on?
rand0m: next step
rand0m: when I click on the project, I need to show up all details and contents :)
dopry: hey take my hat off your cabbage.
rand0m: lol
dopry: rand0m, you're using 1.5 with ui-router?
rand0m: yeah
dopry: I'd setup a state for the repo view, and load the data I need in a resolver for the state.
dopry: How are you going about doing it?
dopry: I remember you were doing some stuff with multiple views and such.
rand0m: yes
rand0m: This is the example I've based on
None
dopry: so you totally got the pulling github data down right?
None
dopry:  yo it's totally working! rock on..
dopry: you just need to apply some styles... don't their query limits annoy you?
dopry: rand0m, if you don't mind me asking what're you building this for?
rand0m: job interview
rand0m: :D
drej: whoever helps him gets 5% of his salary for the next 6 months
dopry: rand0m, dang so what exactly is the interview assignment? How long do they give you to work on it?
rand0m: they gave me 1 week
rand0m: i faked illness :D
rand0m: and extended for 3
rand0m: tomorrow is the last day -_-&quot;
rand0m: drej
dopry: dang... is it a jr or a sr position?
rand0m: in 2 years
rand0m: mid level
None
rand0m: any idea how?
dopry: $postLink? $onInit?
rand0m: in ProjectInfoController
dopry: yep.
dopry: look at the component life cycle stuff in the help docs.
andygmb: this.$rootScope.$on('$locationChangeSuccess', rand0m ?
rand0m: ehhh
Geminizer: Anyone have any luck with nginx and dynamic angular URLs?  e.g. try_files ?
rand0m: $scope.$onInit doesnt work ;/
andygmb: probably better off asking in the nginx irc Geminizer :D
Geminizer: ok, thank you
dopry: rand0m, it isn't a $scope thing.. it needs to be on your controller.
rand0m: which one?
rand0m: i usually bind all my vars and functions to $scope
dopry: the one on which you want to do something after load...
dopry: rand0m, well you haven't done much angular recently have you?
dopry: controllerAs syntax has been the norm for a while, and there has always been both contollers and $scope.
rand0m: not since version 1.0.3
rand0m: I think the latest version of angular I've worked on was 1.0.13
dopry: rand0m, wow that was a while back.. 1.0.3? but even then there were both $controller and $scope
rand0m: yeah
rand0m: 2012-2013
tkdaj: I have an iframe with src=&quot;{{vm.getUrl()}}&quot;.  The getUrl function on the controller calls to a service where it gets the current value.  I set the value when an error is throw in an http injector so that it should should the original login page.  It doesn't for some reason.
tkdaj: Just to test I added a text box with an ng-change which uses a setter for the same service where that value is stored.  When I change the text in that text box the iframe refreshes and updates properly.  Does anyone know why this might be happening?
dopry: so you should go read the 1.5.x docs and maybe johnpapa's styleguide...
tkdaj: me?
rand0m: maybe sometime later
rand0m: i need to get this up and running
dopry: rand0m, to be frank if I were your interviewer and you were applying I'd be judging you on both you ability to get it working and adhere to community norms and best practices...
rand0m: I would too
dopry: rand0m, well I wish you luck... hope it plays out for you.
rand0m: but in this fast paced world, people are ready to take whatever they can for as much as less they can
rand0m: thanks man
tkdaj: btw, I also tried ng-src on my iframe. Neither update properly when setting the url value from the httpInjector error
dopry: rand0m, get stuck in a place where they didn't let you update ng?
dopry: or just landed in another project for a while?
rand0m: nah
rand0m: moved to backbone
rand0m: and then AEM
rand0m: been working on AEM since then
dopry: ahh... yeah I didn't really like backbone much. I did a few projects on it... It was a lot of work for not a lot of returne.
rand0m: yeah
rand0m: I didn't know abc of backbone
rand0m: i learnt it and used an inhouse framework to create an app for the client
rand0m: I went on a  holiday and when I was back they said it was shit
rand0m: the framework that is
rand0m: they scrapped in house framework and used marionette
rand0m: I had to redo again :/
rand0m: was fun though
rand0m: free soda, saturday sanwdwiches, wednesday breakfasts, monthly drinks
rand0m: was a great place to work
Guest17602: Hi, I have a problem with http interceptor as a service (angular 1.4). When an error occurred I have status error -1 instead of 400 or 500. How can I retrieve the right status error code? Thank you.
jrozner: is there something special I need to do to get access to the parameters passed to the Controller inside an option being bound to the controllers scope? I see that &quot;this&quot; is different between them
jrozner: s/option/function
bassinboy: I'm doing an inline format of the date in html, such as {{object.birthdate | date:'MM/dd/yyyy'}}, However, my original birthdate string is not a date object so it reads it as a null, and defaults to 12/31/1969. Is there any way to cast it as a date object first before formatting it?
tkdaj: object.birthday = new Date(object.birthday);
tkdaj: if it is a valid date string
bassinboy: it's a weird format, like yyyymmdd
tkdaj: You're going to want to get it in a format that new Date() can understand and create a date object out of
bassinboy: tkdaj: Thanks. Can I do things like the object.birthday = new Date(object.birthday); in the inline HTML ?
tkdaj: no, I don't believe so. You can do some simple JS expressions, but you don't normally assign variables in the HTML
bassinboy: tkdaj: Cool, thanks
tkdaj: np
bassinboy: tkdaj: Do you know where I might be able to find documentation on the expressions available? I will see if there is some way to set the input date format.
None
tkdaj: So, you'd probably want to get the year, month, and day separate from that string and then do:    new Date(myYear, myMonth, myDay);
bassinboy: tkdaj: Thanks, I saw a way to specify the input as yyyymdd, but I need to figure out how to do that inline
tkdaj: why not just use the controller? You shouldn't be doing assignment logic in the view realy
IChoseThisOne: Does anyone know why a component would not animate the first time its rendered?  It's being loaded on a particular route, and is loaded by declaring it as the template on the object passed to $routeProvider.  I can see the ngAnimate classes being applied to the parent div, but the transitions do not happen on the elements within the component.
tkdaj: In fact I don't think angular will even let you
