m0ltar: Why is it that the elem param to directive is an array of one element sometimes?
m0ltar: E.g. I'm trying to catch blur event on textarea and elem happens to be an array of 1 element
m0ltar: so can't do elem.val(), need to do elem[0].val()
juria_roberts: Is there an easy way in angular to change the keynames in the json returned from $http?
rand0m: juria_roberts, dump the contents from response to a variable, manipulate the variable as per your liking and use the same to render your UI
kaak: how would I go about animating the change in height to an element with angular?
kaak: So far as I can tell, ngAnimate really only animates events like enter or leave
kaak: right now I'm just modifying the style with ng-style and have a CSS animation selector defining the animation time
wafflejock: kaak, what's the problem in particular? you should be able to just use CSS to do the animations for the most part
ieeeeessst: hey guys, new angular, but I have a system where I use $routeProvider, but I want to use a login controller/template and a page controller/template, is there anyway to combine the two in my .when('/',...
ieeeeessst: very new to angular*
ieeeeessst: i'm kind of confused how to go about having two controllers and templates
gag: Hello all
gag: please help me
gag: Calling these methods invoke an $http with the specified http method, destination and parameters. When the data is returned from the server then the object is an instance of the resource class. The actions save, remove and delete are available on it as methods with the $ prefix. This allows you to easily perform CRUD operations (create, read, update, delete) on server-side data like this:  var User = $resource('/user/:userId', {userI
gag: Please help me above
gag: I don't understand
gag: var User = $resource('/user/:userId', {userId:'@id'});
gag: var user = User.get({userId:123}, function() {
gag: user.abc = true;
gag:  user.$save();
gag: });
gag: what is userId:'@id' ?
lee__: Gag i think your using firebase with angularjs
Elarcis: wait I didn't leave the chan yesterday?
Elarcis: hi!
ngWalrus: hello
ngWalrus: it was nice waking up at 5:45 to get to work today :(
anth0ny: I&rsquo;m using the angular-cli and typescript for a new project. I know little about Webpack/Typescript, is it possible to import Immutable.js and rxjs globaly so that I can use some types (like Observable) without importing them into every file?
zomg: anth0ny: the standard practice is to import them where you use them
anth0ny: zomg: is there any reason for that? seems a bit cumbersome
zomg: modularity mostly
zomg: if your code depends on globals, then those globals need to be initialized before the code runs
hemangpatel: Hello, I'm looking for option to implement material design in angular2.
None
anth0ny: hemangpatel: there&rsquo;s the official material repo (that&rsquo;s not yet released) or just import and use the CSS that you would with any page
hemangpatel: anth0ny, It's in alpha
anth0ny: yup, it is
hemangpatel: So not ready for production :(
None
hemangpatel: It's top on angular/material2
icebox: Elarcis: hey
soee: any of you tried to use angular 2 i18n and had problems installing dependencies with angular-cli ?
Elarcis: hi icebox!
icebox: hey
icebox: Elarcis: did you build recently angular 2?
Elarcis: icebox: not really no
Elarcis: icebox: too busy at work to even consider coding at home
icebox: Elarcis: shall you clone it and execute &quot;npm install&quot;, please? I get &quot;EBADPLATFORM&quot; on windows with node 6.8.0
icebox: Elarcis: I think it is npm bug, but it is a shame because npm 3.10.8 is the latest stable
Hammy: help
nikitabanthiya14: hii can anybody send me invitation i want to join nodejs channel
Hammy: is their any body who can teach clear my angular doubts?
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: you need to register the nickname in irc... that's all
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: no need an invitation
icebox: Hammy: don't ask to ask... just ask
None
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: and generally speaking, this is #angularjs... not irc help :)
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox how to register nickname?
nikitabanthiya14: ooh thank you
Hammy: how does data hit database and get response?
icebox: waiting time too short :)
None
nikitabanthiya14: i registered and verify mail
nikitabanthiya14: stilll
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: #node.js
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: and please ask it in irc help channel :)
nikitabanthiya14: done @icebox
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: you are in :P
nikitabanthiya14: :p
Elarcis: icebox: holy shit talk about someone who knows how to ask questions
Elarcis: icebox: 'how compute data result' =: *leaves almost immediately*
icebox: Elarcis: as usual :P
Elarcis: icebox: I mean how can these people live everyday
Elarcis: icebox: 'hi honey, what we eat OK OFF TO WORK BYE'
Preuk: Elarcis: 21th century, attention span should not be : 5s or you're overthinking things
Preuk: &quot;As it happens, the average attention span of a goldfish is a full second longer than the steadily decreasing 8-second average attention span of a person in 2013, according to StatisticBrain.com&quot;
None
anli: Is there an angular event for when a component has been created?
anli: I tried ng-create
jcool: Hi
jcool: I am trying to send post data in angular 2.
anli: Hm, ng-init
anli: Cool stuff
jcool: I want to send data like what jQuery does: user[email] = &quot;abc at g dot com&quot;
jcool: I tried adding Content-type in headers and set it to &quot;application/x-ww-form-urlencoded&quot;
jcool: but it doesn't works. Anything that I might be missing?
map_reduce: is angular-cli sponsored by google?
icebox: map_reduce: it is in angular organization
map_reduce: icebox: yeah i kno, but is it independent of google?
icebox: map_reduce: it is owned by Google but they release it under MIT license
map_reduce: icebox: i hope they start to take care of this stuff properly :(
icebox: map_reduce: it is open source
Preuk: map_reduce: can't be worse than how the managed gwt
Preuk: icebox: trus, but when half of the technical contribution, moreover design level stuff is done by a company, being free might not be enought
icebox: map_reduce: google or another company backing up a project doesn't guarantee anything... like for a commercial product... it is only an illusion
map_reduce: icebox: yes, i know - but they can provide $$$
map_reduce: and thats usually enough with right people
Preuk: and full-time contribs
icebox: Preuk: agreed
icebox: map_reduce: sure... but it doesn't change the game... (only) money doesn't guarantee anything
map_reduce: icebox: sure, but again You can pay competent people
icebox: map_reduce: ok... we are a bit abstract... what is your point?
map_reduce: icebox: ng-cli doesnt work :) again
map_reduce: i guess ill wait, its frustrating what they do
icebox: map_reduce: ok... but there is no relationship between &quot;ng-cli doesn't work&quot; and &quot;google&quot;
map_reduce: i know its beta
icebox: map_reduce: in terms of cause and effect
map_reduce: icebox: i mean, with financial backing they could put more effort in QA
icebox: map_reduce: that premise is wrong
map_reduce: icebox: could be - please explain
icebox: map_reduce: how many projects failed in your company (or in my company) even if well funded? :)
Preuk: icebox: i second that, i can attest that our current problem is not money, it's manpower; can't find the right people at the right time
icebox: Preuk: agreed... and I think it is not matter if it is open source or commercial project... the right thing is the right thing with open or closed source :)
icebox: Preuk: with an open source project there is the advantage you can contribute
icebox: sigh... need to fill an issue about building angular 2 on windows... I cannot sort out that
icebox: I tried it with different shells and node versions
dopry_: icebox, tag @dopry in the issue and I'll test it locally if I get a chance.
None
dopry_: icebox, if ooh I like some of the repos you have... stuff I used to do but mostly in .NET.
antiPoP: hi what seed should I use for an ng2 projetc? I'm looking at yeoman, and seems most uses gulp, which seems to start being deprecated in favour of npm
None
icebox: antiPoP: that is the best
icebox: antiPoP: it is the Seed.
Pyrrhus666: if you go for simple and easy, preboot&acute;s still works fine, and no angular-cli
None
icebox: antiPoP: sorry.. I don't use generators :)
antiPoP: icebox,  np, thanks
icebox: antiPoP: generally speaking, I don't use generators (no yeoman) and I prefer npm scripts vs. grunt or gulp
antiPoP: icebox, yes, that's why i was asking about a see or generator using npm, I just found the one above and seems in not used too much
dopry_: icebox, are you using webpack?
icebox: dopry_: no
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: that generator seems to have had it&acute;s last updates around angular 2.0.0RC1. I&acute;d stay away.
dopry_: icebox, do you use any livereload/browsersync?
antiPoP: dopry_, I would prefer to not use webpack or systemjs similar if possible... the ionic one does not had these and worked great...
icebox: dopry_: no
antiPoP: dopry_, yes, i want to use browser_sync
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, so what would you suggest as a lightweight seed with npm scripts? i think I just need browser_sync and scss
dopry_: I normally end up using gulp if I want browsersync, if I don't want gulp I fall back to webpack.. I personally really like webpack for preparing my prod packages...
dopry_: It's pretty good at trimming the fat...
antiPoP: dopry_, but it's really needed webpack or systemjs? I have never used these
None
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: webpack works fine, and the rest is npm scripts. how else would you build bundles ?
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, with ng1 I used just gulp, I think no webpack or systemjs was used there
antiPoP: I'm new to ng2, but I think that the ionic2 seed (which I tried last week) does not uses these... but I may be wrong
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: you could do that with ng2 too I guess. but webpack works fine for me, it&acute;s pretty easy to get a hang of.
dopry_: antiPoP, you don't really need it, but it can handle doing the ts/js conversion or es6/js conversion hot reload and packaging all in one tool...
Pyrrhus666: ^ that
dopry_: it's quite powerful. I'm working on a little ng1.5 app with 5 multipage wizards. I was able to get my js bundles down to like 450K and that's all forms in one bundle.. my next thing is to set it up to bundle the forms independently which should take another 100K off the initial page load.
dopry_: it provides nice heuristics...  but it can be a bit daunting at first...
jcool: hi, any solution to pass www-form-data in api request the way jQuery does?
Pyrrhus666: jcool: $http.post() ?
jcool: Pyrrhus666, sorry. angular 2. forgot to mention :)
Pyrrhus666: jcool: http.post() ?
jcool: Pyrrhus666, not working. I have tried a lot. I tried setting the headers to x-www-form one but it still sends data in son
jcool: I need to send something like form: user[email]: &quot;ja at g dot com&quot; user[username]: &quot;angular&quot;
None
anli: Is there some chrome plugin that lets me see if there is some angular output when loading page that has not been cloaked?
Elarcis: dopry_: I'm fond of the require.context feature, I'm using it to import every JSON files in a specific folder and merge them to later use them as my locale files :D
dopry_: Elarcis, I haven't had a chance to really look at that. I'm really only familiar with it in Karma, but I still prefer a build per test in Karma...
None
dopry_: Elarcis, do you have any examples of how you handle the locale files online?
Pyrrhus666: jcool: afaik the http.post method itself doesn&acute;t do anythin to the data, it justs posts to an url. if you get json, you&acute;re doing something before that to make it so... but my experience with ng2&acute;s http is very limited.
None
jcool: Pyrrhus666, no issues. thanks for help.
jcool: icebox, already seen that. not of much help
Pyrrhus666: baako: like I said yesterday : when you do the state.go, it seems the target state isn&acute;t defined (yet). it depends on the structure of your code. I can&acute;t really see that from the 2 files.
icebox: jcool: any snippet to reproduce your use case?
jcool: icebox, sure. let me create one for this use case!
baako: Pyrrhus666, what do you mean structure? how will i do this please normally
icebox: jcool: basically you need to tweak the headers
jcool: icebox, did that. I will just detail a little more. I have a simple form with 3 fields.
icebox: jcool: like let headers = new Headers(); headers.append('Content-Type', 'application/x-www-form-urlencoded');
jcool: icebox, I get the data from form as json
jcool: then I call my service and set headers as you recommended but it still sends son
jcool: json*
Pyrrhus666: baako: the state you refer to (app.shops) needs to be defined and included before trying to use it. often that means including/DI&acute;ing the modules where those states are defined
icebox: jcool: if you can produce it with a plunker, you may fill an issue
arlekin: hi guys!
jcool: icebox, I read a lot around and I found that body that is being sent to api if that is of type &quot;FormData&quot; then it will append headers automatically
Pyrrhus666: baako: I don&acute;t know how to make it any clearer :). for test, you could try defining the app.shops state in the same config block where you define the default state ?
arlekin: im starting out with ng2 :P (and also with TS, WebPack, WebStorm and overall build systems, because why not :P)
Pyrrhus666: hi arlekin
jcool: icebox, what I don't understand is how can I make json data of type FormData
jcool: icebox, yes, sounds good!
arlekin: and there should be some black magic that takes care of my imports in webstorm
arlekin: but there isn't
arlekin: and i dont know why
zomg: arlekin: black magic? :P
antiPoP: well, ill try the mgenchev one... but the ionic2 build system used just npm scripts and was much faster than gulp... I can always move to other thing :)
jcool: arlekin, black magic? :o
jcool: don't spell some on me :|
arlekin: i mean i ran npm install etc, and when i write NgModule i should get completion and quick-fix popup should have a fix imports option but doesn't
arlekin: so something ain't right
jcool: arlekin, may be some external extension needed?
None
arlekin: jcool: it may well be, but then on jetbrains site there is no such thing
jcool: icebox,  I saw that as well but that repo has been deprecated in favour of module http integrate on angular/angular
jcool: and all issues are outdated
icebox: jcool: I see
None
jcool: may be of some use
arlekin: jcool: yup looking at it past few minutes but it confuses me even more
arlekin: jcool: i mean the only thing needed for that to work seems to be running npm install
arlekin: and i already did that
arlekin: and still no cigar
jcool: arlekin, According to a comment in the IntelliJ bug tracker, the fixed the issue in 2016.1.2 EAP. I updated to 2016.1.3 EAP, or more specifically:
jcool: stackvoerflow says this
arlekin: jcool: well i just looked into my &quot;project files&quot; and it seems that webstorm didn't treat node_modules as project folder
arlekin: for some reason
arlekin: prolly cause i ran npm install by hand from console
falkkk: hy all :-)
falkkk: someone here who knows loopback apis?
falkkk: on angular sdk obvisously
jcool: arlekin, I use VS code :)
arlekin: jcool: no need to be smug about it :P
jcool: arlekin, :D
arlekin: jcool: i also did, now im trying to go with webstorm after 5 years of hating ide's
jcool: arlekin, I believe in simplicity. Sublime and VS. Saying that I have heard a lot about WS
Preuk: I'm giving a try at mgechev/angular-seed, but aot build seems broken, can't resolve ApplicationModule...
Preuk: npm run build.prod runs just fine but build.prod.exp crashes on application_module.d.ts; any clue?
icebox: falkkk: loopback / angular sdk is only a generator
icebox: falkkk: any issue with angular or with that generator?
Elarcis: jcool: heard a lot too, but given the colossal diversity of the JS environment and the quick evolution of its tools, I've got some doubts regarding WS's ability to keep up the pace (that, and the fact's it's a paid product)
falkkk: im trying to update an Order which is an relation from Customer - so do i Update it via Customer.order.updateById or similiar.. or do i have to call the modell itself to update, like Order.updateById, or is both working?
Preuk: Elarcis: jetbrains stuff helped me getting along with IDE (used phpstom, now idea). It's far from perfect but framework integration is much less lagging behind than in major free IDEs
icebox: falkkk: code details reproducing your use case?
Preuk: eclipse is the worst; not two modules (even semi-officials) work together properly, use the same UI or key bindings
Preuk: but it's still freaking expensive :(
jcool: Elarcis, I second that
Elarcis: Preuk: eeeeeeh, open source has its strengths for that
Elarcis: Preuk: when the devs ACTUALLY HELP THE MODDING COMMUNITY
Elarcis: icebox: ^:P
Preuk: Elarcis: don't get me wrong, i love free software, but sometimes you need specific stuff
falkkk: not rly @icebox, its not even an error weather lack of experiance
Elarcis: ...did I draw a happy unicorn?
Elarcis: ^:D
icebox: falkkk: I see
Elarcis: Preuk: yeah, professionnal tools are often more integrated, but not very up to the page
falkkk: updating it via Customer or via Order, thts the base of this questoin
Elarcis: Preuk: open source projects are often very trendy, but less finished
falkkk: i have to be authetificated as well for updating.. so Cutsomer.getCurrent -: success -: ?
Preuk: i can't go back to a world where i can't refactor 4 classes at one, including IoC and framework-specific references at once
Elarcis: Preuk: ah, automatic reference finding, such a classic
Elarcis: Preuk: wait. how can you refactor 4 classes at once?
icebox: falkkk: really no idea how it works your app
Preuk: Elarcis: renaming/changing a type in one class, cascading to the whol inheritance tree, related methods, data mappings, etc.
Elarcis: Preuk: ah, automatic reference finding then
falkkk: anyway thanks
Elarcis: Preuk: VSCOde has that with intellisense :D
Preuk: yep, need a pretty robust and comprehensive AST for that
arlekin: eh... anyone using webstorm here ?
arlekin: someone was, im pretty sure
Preuk: arlekin: i am; i mean intellij (we do java and stuff too here)
arlekin: Preuk: then maybe you could help brother out - im starting out with ng 2 and just so happens also with webstorm
arlekin: Preuk: and going with quickstart i ran into issue that webstorm by default excludes node_modules from my project root
Elarcis: arlekin: the recipe for perfect frustration
arlekin: and marks it as library root
Preuk: arlekin: yep, that's the way it hadles it (java style)
Preuk: in short: if it's not VCS'd, it's not source but lib/dependency
Preuk: ctral+alt+shift+S (emacs, anyone :p) for module management, you can declare node_modules as source root too if you realy need it, but i'd be careful with that
arlekin: Preuk: the deal is i really dont care how its marked, i just want to have me some completion
Preuk: it does
Preuk: at least, it should :) maybe you have some indexing disabled? powersaving mode maybe?
arlekin: Preuk: no idea, it should all be pretty default
Preuk: using ng2 with typescript, it's fine as long as your typings are installed too
arlekin: Preuk: well i do have them installed
Preuk: arlekin: haha! in your tsconfig, do you have typeRoots declared?
Preuk: cause you shoudl indeed specify typeRoots directories as &quot;source&quot; in WS module configuration
arlekin: Preuk: well, no, but im going straight along the angular quickstart so one would assume it should all &quot;just work&quot;
Preuk: ok, just make sure your typings/ directory is not excluded then
arlekin: Preuk: well, that one isn't
arlekin: just node modules
Preuk: arlekin: sorry, can't help you much :( never had this problem (but quite a few others i admit)
arlekin: Preuk: well problem seems kinda popular looking at intellij support forums
arlekin: but still there ain't no solution
Preuk: just checked out mgechev/angular-seed, i have completion for every node dependency that has typings
geoid: Can I use &quot;require&quot; and &quot;controller&quot; properties in the same angular 1.x directive?
icebox: geoid: yes, you can
None
Elarcis: geoid: but you asking the question has me puzzled about why you ask it :D
Elarcis: geoid: because they're totally not doing the same thing
icebox: Elarcis: merging controllers (inheritance)... parent one and the nested form
Elarcis: icebox: they're not really merging a controller to his parent, they're just getting a reference to a specified 'this' scope on the same element or any parent one
icebox: Elarcis: I know... but I imagined their answer
Elarcis: icebox: you tortured soul
arlekin: Preuk: imma pro playah !1!1!1!!1!11 i fixed it
arlekin: (yay me)
icebox: Elarcis: confirmed :)
None
ngbot: angular.js/master c22615c Martin Staffa: refactor(compileSpec): make tests consistent...
icebox: arlekin: it is only an illusion
arlekin: icebox: same as the universe
icebox: arlekin: next whatever upgrade is going to destroy that confidence :)
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 3bc3b40 Martin Staffa: refactor(compileSpec): make tests consistent...
Elarcis: reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye!
icebox: arlekin: about universe... that is proved
arlekin: icebox: its a feature, its pushing me to be the best self and ever-improve... yup... im sure thats their goal
arlekin: also...
Elarcis: icebox: oh, they proved that it's an hologram? I read they say it's likely
arlekin: THE CAKE IS A LIE !!!!
LIERO: hi, I&acute;m trying to reproduce a problem in plunker, but I can&acute;t get any css animations to work at all
Pyrrhus666: THE CAKE IS A HOLOGRAM
None
LIERO: anyone had similar problems? o.o
icebox: LIERO: removing animations you fix the problem :P
None
LIERO: well the problem I&acute;m trying to reproduce is with an animation :P
icebox: Elarcis: &quot;The most rigorous realization of the holographic principle is the AdS/CFT correspondence by Juan Maldacena. However, J.D. Brown and Marc Henneaux had rigorously proved already in 1986...&quot;
Elarcis: 'In a larger sense, the theory suggests that the entire universe can be seen as two-dimensional information on the cosmological horizon, the event horizon from which information may still be gathered and not lost due to the natural limitations of spacetime supporting a black hole, an observer and a given setting of these specific elements,[clarification needed] such that the three dimensions we observe are an effective description
Elarcis: only at macroscopic scales and at low energies.'
Elarcis: that is a hell of a long and convoluted sentence
icebox: Elarcis: ok... not mathematical proved, but a feasible theory
icebox: off... for a break... see you later
arlekin: Elarcis: see ? you broke our icebox
Elarcis: icebox: terrifying to imagine our whole universe could be the event horizon of a 4D black hole.
arlekin: also, you know what is the best thing ever (or since sliced bread) ?
arlekin: wireless headphones, thats what
arlekin: i can't fathom how i lived with wired ones
arlekin: like some animal...
smiche: was that evergreen book free?
None
Elarcis: arlekin: can't wait until you lose one and don't realize it because it's not pulling on the wire
Elarcis: arlekin: or that you lose one somewhere and can't find it at the end of the wire :D
Elarcis: arlekin: or that they get discharged before your phone is
rand0m: morning all :)
Elarcis: arlekin: In a nutshell, I'm not a fan
rand0m: wireless headphones? what about jet travel?
None
Elarcis: what about low cost, non-hereditary genetic engineering?
rand0m: thats not available globally, is it/.
rand0m: ?
Elarcis: arlekin: AH! then you got taste
arlekin: Elarcis: they can go on for 9 hours (of using) on one charge, which is much more than i can ever go constantly listening
coder_2014: I want to dynamically load/unload components from my page. I've read about ComponentFactoryResolver which worked well but this won't allow me loading a set of components in a generic way where I'd need to pass attributes and listen to events. I was thinking instead adding/removing the HTML selector with its input attributes [] and event listeners (). Can anyone tell me if this last option is a good o
coder_2014: r an horrible practice? Any other solution would be appreciated. Thanks.
Elarcis: arlekin: thought you were talking about those by a known brand.
rand0m: arlekin, my room mate has those
arlekin: and about jet travel - i don't do jet travel
Elarcis: *another known brand
rand0m: :o
arlekin: Elarcis: hah, you have some sense of humor after all
geoid: Elarcis icebox yes I asked for the purpose of nested directives.. currently I've been communicating via events but it's getting really messy.
rand0m: haven't you ever travelled by a jumbojet arlekin ?
arlekin: rand0m: i dont think so, i went abroad by plane, but the last time was like when i was 7
arlekin: rand0m: why is that so surprising ??
arlekin: rand0m: in day-to-day life there is no need for air travel
rand0m: im ignorant thats why
arlekin: unless you hava a job that requires it
rand0m: ummm, I used to travel on a fortnight basis because of my job
rand0m: london to ireland and back every 15 days
arlekin: rand0m: there you go
rand0m: also the technology seems so fuciing awesome
arlekin: rand0m: besides, bluetooth is forbidden on planes ? (it prolly is a stupid question)
rand0m: nope
rand0m: I've had my phone turned on on 2 different occasions on long haul flights
arlekin: rand0m: then im completly confused about your jet-question in relation to wireless headphones
rand0m: london to india and london to moscow
arlekin: rand0m: thats some long flying
rand0m: you said what's the next best thing since sliced bread :P
rand0m: I said Jet Travel
arlekin: rand0m: aaaaaaahhh
arlekin: rand0m: now it all makes sense :D
rand0m: it seems long flying, but the Boeing 7878 would fly all the way (london to india) in 7.5 hours
zomg: Helsinki to NYC takes longer, annoyingly enough
rand0m: ~8000km? not sure
rand0m: hey zomg
zomg: hey
rand0m: ehhh its 8 hours no?
zomg: yeah
zomg: that's more than 7.5
zomg: lol
rand0m: Finnair 6 &middot; Airbus A330 &pound;1977 8.5 hours
rand0m: almost &pound;2000 :o
zomg: you can get it for around 1k at cheapest I think
rand0m: yeah, 1/2 stop journeys are cheaper, but they are still ~18hours
zomg: tbh the flying isn't the most annoying part of flying
zomg: it's the airports :P
rand0m: I don't mind any airport, unless they dont provide me concierge / business class lounge.
rand0m: I cry myself to sleep that night.
zomg: never work for a startup then
zomg: :p
None
arlekin: finally - finished quickstart with ng2
arlekin: its small step for everyone else and big leap for me
zomg: yeah
zomg: we flew OUL-:HEL-:JFK-:ORD (and ORD-:kansas city forget the airport code)
zomg: similar trip back :P it's great fun when flights are late or delayed and then the next airport you gotta run the entire way to not miss the flight
zomg: and of course you're in france where none of the airport employees understand a word of english
zomg: never fly through paris
zomg: lol
rand0m: never been to any other european country
rand0m: ive heard things cdg though
zomg: yeah everyone says it's pretty much one of the worst airports :D
rand0m: anyways...
zomg: funnily enough the only reason we made our flight at CDG was because they had screwed up loading the cargo
zomg: so at least something positive from their incompetence lol
rand0m: oh shit speaking of which, brb
rand0m: back
rand0m: can anyone help me with my code now??
Preuk: zomg: in France you'll only find max 20% of people able to speak english
coder_2014: anyone knows how can I pass attributes and event listeners to a component created using the ViewContainerRef createComponent() method?
rand0m: Omlette Du Fromage?
zomg: Preuk: yeah, but you'd think they had some requirements on language skills for airport employees
Preuk: i've worked with final year CS students, with 12y of english classes
zomg: even in japan where even fewer people speak english you can expect some competence in that at the airport :P
Preuk: can't even say 2 intelligible sentences, frightful
Preuk: french airport staff is like dockers
coder_2014: ?? is this an airport channel or angularjs ?
zomg: airportjs
coder_2014: ha, ha, ha
coder_2014: :)
Preuk: angular: airport edition
rand0m: hah
Preuk: airport workers are either overpaid overprotected specific jobs
Preuk: or underpaid, barely legal subcontractors
None
rand0m: I'm finding it hard to display data on Project page
rand0m: can anyone tell me what I'm doing wrong
rand0m: morning Foxandxss
Foxandxss: hello
rand0m: so I think, my UI is not being updated properly
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: what is the actual problem ? I see stuff on the project page ?
rand0m: hey Pyrrhus666
rand0m: the problem is the UI gets rendered even before the data is ready
rand0m: when you type in a keyword
rand0m: like jquery/angular/ass what ever
rand0m: you see a list of projects, and you click on them
rand0m: and you're supposed to see project details
rand0m: I see few details, but I have a view inside the page bound to different controller
rand0m: and that controller isn't firing my request I think#
Pyrrhus666: which controller is that ?
rand0m: githubProjectContentsController
rand0m: acting on page templates/project-contents.html
rand0m: as defined by 'projectContents@project': { templateUrl: 'templates/project-contents.html', controller: 'githubProjectContentsController' }
Pyrrhus666: hmm. template is loaded, but not displayed. seems the route/state isn&acute;t triggered or something ?
rand0m: yeah
rand0m: I can't figure out why
Pyrrhus666: where is the projectContents@project state triggered ?
rand0m: when I add setTimeout() it works
rand0m: in project-page
rand0m: WAIT
rand0m: something happened
rand0m: it works automatically :s ?
Pyrrhus666: I don&acute;t see the state being referenced in that page :
rand0m: in templates/project-page.html you'll see div ui-view=&quot;projectContents&quot;:/div:
Pyrrhus666: ctrl+f ui-view -: no hits ?
Pyrrhus666: have you added that later ?
Pyrrhus666: (and not saved the plunk since ?)
rand0m: wait
rand0m: here:
None
None
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: that works. but that ui-view really was absent in the earlier plunk ;)
rand0m: oh
rand0m: dumb me :(
rand0m: I was working on plunk all night
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: happens to everybody ;)
rand0m: this morning I worked on my local
constructor: Can any buddy please help me out on this issue
constructor: constructor(private authService: AuthService, private siteService: SiteService) { } when I require depencies in constructor of a service I get error
Pyrrhus666: baako: seems to be a named view. you should have a corresponding ui-view of the same name somewhere.
constructor:  Bootstrap at least one component before injecting Router. ; Zone: root: ; Task: Promise.then ; Value: Error: Bootstrap at least one component before
baako: cool
None
rand0m: how do I use my fetchRepositoryContents to fetch different content fro different urls?
rand0m: i.e, not as a singleton
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, ?
None
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: by giving it a url as argument to the fetch method ? or implement a &acute;switchRepo&acute; method ?
rand0m: currently I pass in a URL and it fetches content and saves it self as a properly of object
rand0m: i.e gitHubController.myUrlResult
rand0m: now I want to pass in another URL and get the content; but if I do that, it would again save it in the same property no?
rand0m: OH WAIT
rand0m: I can save my content onto scope
rand0m: let me try
geoid: Is there a way of getting the nearest parent controller from within a directive?
None
rand0m: I've updated the plunk
Pyrrhus666: geoid: via $parent ?
geoid: Pyrrhus666 but then you have to know the name of the parent controller property
rand0m: when you go into search, type in a project name, select a project and go to a project page, you'll see console log
geoid: and it has to be the immedicate parent
geoid: I want a reference to the *nearest* parent controller without having to know it's name.
rand0m: the data is being fetched from githubFactory.fetchRepositoryContents() and is being appended to githubFactory object
Pyrrhus666: geoid: nearest in angular terms is immediate, right ? no matter the html.
rand0m: im trying to figure out a way how to reuse this method and have multiple data saved onto the object
Pyrrhus666: geoid: it&acute;s my only guess...
geoid: Pyrrhus666 if you say so &ndash; you could be right in terms of scope... so how do I avoid needing to know the name explicitly then?
Pyrrhus666: geoid: no idea... what are you trying to accomplish with this ?
klex22: whats better to use now for starting a webpack project...angular-cli or angular2-webpack-starter?
rand0m: are you going to use bootstrap klex22
geoid: I have a component which may be re-used as a child of other directives. I'd like it to be able to access it's parent's scope so that it can write to a generic model, rather than using events which create a somewhat tangled web.
rand0m: as in bootstrap framework
klex22: rand0m: yes
rand0m: are you fussed about less/scss
rand0m: or you want to use only css
rand0m: and also do you want to use angularui
klex22: rand0m: not sure yet, if possible i would like to keep my chances open
rand0m: I've had hard time configuring scss to webpack project to go hand in hand with angular and I gave  up
Pyrrhus666: geoid: the nested component can have an output to the parent directive ?
Pyrrhus666: geoid: (as in normal binding)
rand0m: and angular ui's ui bootstrap uses css i think
klex22: rand0m: did u start with some starter pack (eg. ng-cli or angular2-webpack-starter) or u did it all by yourself manually?
rand0m: manually and starter pack
rand0m: was not satisfied with how things were
klex22: starter pack didnt include webpack i guess?
None
rand0m: aahhh
rand0m: when you say starterpack, I was talking about yeoman generated packs
klex22: no i ment those 2 that already include webpack
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: you could make a factoryfactory of course ;) but why would you have more than one repo as an active object at the same time ?
constructor: could any buddy please answer this question
None
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, its not about multiple repo, i need to call /branches /contents /issues , etc from single controller to get their data and display it on same page
rand0m: klex22, no idea :s
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: which are all properties of a single repo. so build a complete repo object in the factory ?
klex22: rand0m: ok tnx anyway for help :)
rand0m: you mean just have 1 call and internally the factory makes x calls to get data at once?
rand0m: baako, could you please create a running plnk?
Elarcis: the PM removed the workspace's settings from the CVS
Elarcis: ...WHY.
Elarcis: 'yeah I made the CVS ignore it _no, you removed it, and no we don't make the CVS ignore it'
Pyrrhus6661: rand0m: or multiple function, or one with arguments telling it what to fetch, you got the power ;)
rand0m: wh.. what was he  talking about
rand0m: wb?
rand0m: I'll do that, thanks P
rand0m: Pyrrhus666,
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: maybe he disliked your editor preferences ;)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: no, it was because of an 'invalid ts server' error due to the config file
None
rand0m: but why commit settings in the first place?
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: ah, makes sense. see an error, remove the offending files.
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: probably so everyone uses the same ?
arlekin: we should make little internal club here
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: isn&acute;t it already ?
arlekin: #hateElarcis'Boss
rand0m: lol
arlekin: *#hateElarcis'PM
Pyrrhus666: ahahaha :)
rand0m: my PM was like, USE ECLIPSE OR DIE
rand0m: I used webstorm :P
arlekin: or if someone does something really dumb we could call it LEP
arlekin: 'Like Elarcis' PM'
Pyrrhus666: we already have dicodico for that.
rand0m: isn't there a plugin which takes care of this? can't remember the name of it
Elarcis: when I came on the project, they were using brackets with no specific reason why, I used VSCode for myself to try it, and they liked it so much we officially switched to it
rand0m: how different is vscode from atom?
sakustar: yes
rand0m: or the other IDE from facebook?
sakustar: Elarcis: does vscode have plugins yet
Pyrrhus666: sakustar: for a long time already
Elarcis: sakustar: of course it does
sakustar: long time eh
sakustar: it wasnt that long ago when i last used it
sakustar: :D
arlekin: rand0m: ide from facebook ?
rand0m: yeee
Pyrrhus666: sakustar: so you missed ctrl+shift+p -: Extensions ;)
rand0m: lemme get it
Elarcis: sakustar: probably before march then
sakustar: maybe my concept of time is warped again :(
None
arlekin: rand0m: lol, first i hear about it
rand0m: seems like all IDEs are based on same codebase
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: nah, there&acute;s two. eclipse and atom.
Pyrrhus666: or electron ? I forget which one is at the base of that pyramid.
arlekin: electron is the app framewok
arlekin: *application framework
arlekin: so to say
Pyrrhus666: so that&acute;s the base, ok. atom is built on it. like vscode and nuclide I guess.
arlekin: facebook is so inbreed i guess
rand0m: electron is a wrapper
rand0m: atom uses electron
rand0m: yeee
rand0m: brb
arlekin: i just discovered there is a thing named Hack, which looks like some kind of coffeePHP
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: it&acute;s been around a bit. php5 with more type safety &amp; shit.
Pyrrhus666: a lot of the ideas from hack have made it into php7
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: though it seems like everyone is moving on from php except facebook
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: nah, php will be around for a long time. not just at facebook.
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: prolly
Pyrrhus666: although hack/hhvm may be superseeded by php7 now. saw some stuff along that route on hackernews.
arlekin: i kinda dont have strong opinions since when i got into web it was already after &quot;lets ditch php / php is evil&quot; become a thing
arlekin: but afaik you write php inside your template, and it gets rendered on the server etc...
arlekin: right ?
Pyrrhus666: I have no strong opinion because I got into web when php/fi wasn&acute;t even born yet and I simply see all software as tools to use :)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: TypeHP
arlekin: cuz if thats so, it gotta be as bad as ppl say
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: yes, that&acute;s the classical view. I&acute;ve done php for years, but never mix logic with templates. it&acute;s perfectly possible.
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: you can program badly in any language ;)
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: well sure
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: about never going away thing - i hear some banks still are based off of some cobol code or something
arlekin: cause they can't afford update or something
soee: how should angular-cli compile sass files and provide css in dev envrionment ?
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s becoming a myth though, most has been phased out. but itmight still be true for some.
Pyrrhus666: on that note : this year we stopped our last application written in perl, over 12 years ago. and we are finally about to ditch our last dedicated php4 applications...
icebox: back... :)
bd-: 2 hours just to get ng2/cli dev enviroment running on another machine without errors
bd-: find solution for set of errors is to downgrade typescript to 2.0.0
bd-: but then new set of errors.. solution is to upgrade typescript to 2.0.2
icebox: bd-: :P
Elarcis: bd-: better solution: fire the guy who made these and build better robots!
Foxandxss: well, bd- has all the errors for himself
bd-: i'm starting to think that a VM dev enviroments are mandatory for any js development these days
Foxandxss: good to have
Elarcis: And finally, we put that trust to the test. Bam! Robots gave us six extra seconds of cooperation. Good job, robots.
Foxandxss: I don't like them, perhaps if I were a windows user
bd-: i'd rather not, it *should* be a simple git clone;npm install
bd-: but no
bd-: that never works smoothly
Elarcis: bd-: I managed to have en env that works first try on almost all machines we used it on
Elarcis: :D
Foxandxss: (the CLI is not a git clone btw)
Elarcis: bd-: proxy issues aside
None
bd-: Foxandxss: a project scaffolded by cli
Foxandxss: ah
Foxandxss: but same version of cli?
Foxandxss: brb, lunch
None
bd-: i'm down to only protractor errors now
bd-: making progress
Elarcis: god, I really LOVE how Typescript just works, even when you don't explicitly write any type, and it still underlines real errors
Elarcis: smart tools 3
Elarcis: bd-: predictible that you get protractor errors, it know you're a big detractor
Elarcis: *badum tss*
None
andygmb: gah, i've spent so long on this, i'm trying to get a Promise resolved in $stateprovider.state.resolve function before the controller is init'd
None
andygmb: i'm returning a promise which it is supposed to wait for, but it seems to not wait for it to resolve
andygmb: or i'm missing something else
None
[Nord]: ...triggered when something changes
Pyrrhus666: andygmb: when I do a resolve, the resolve function returns the promise. you&acute;re not doing that...
andygmb: Pyrrhus666: hm, not sure what you mean
Pyrrhus666: resolve : { user: function(UserService) { return UserService.get(); } } -- the get method itself returns a promuse
Pyrrhus666: you return something in the promise resolution ( .then())
None
[Nord]: nevermind, I think I found my problem, it has nothing to do with sortable
geoid: Apropos my earlier question of whether one can use &quot;require&quot; and &quot;controller&quot; in the same directive... how does &quot;bindToController&quot; function within that scenario?
jcool: geoid, I might not have read your earlier messages but &quot;bindToController&quot; binds your properties to your ControllerAs variable
Elarcis: geoid: you have to set both bindToController and scope properties of your directive
Elarcis: geoid: one defines the bindings the other is set to true
Elarcis: geoid: which one is what is not important
Elarcis: geoid: yeah, I don't know why either
geoid: lol... ok I have seen before that and wondered wtf
Elarcis: jcool: actually not necessarily to the ControllerAs, if it's not defined it works too
jcool: Elarcis, yeah, but I have not been able to find a better way why we define scope : {} and bind properties in another variable
Elarcis: jcool: I have no idea, I wonder why as well cc Foxandxss
icebox: Elarcis: he has not any angular 1 knowledge... totally remove for angular 2 one
icebox: *removed
Elarcis: icebox: ha
Elarcis: HA
Elarcis: HAHAHAHA
icebox: Elarcis: no joke :P his answer :)
jcool: lol
None
LIERO: when I change views, the sliding menu shows up on the left side
LIERO: i tried to use ng-hide=&quot;!ismenuopen&quot; ng-show&quot;=ismenuopen&quot; on the menu directive and then add ng-click=&quot;ismenuopen = !ismenuopen&quot; to the button that toggles the menu
LIERO: but that breaks the menu sliding animation
LIERO: is there anyway I can delay the animation after ng-show becomes true?
geoid: If I am using &quot;require:'^someController&quot; and &quot;controller:'myController'&quot; properties in a directive, how do I access &quot;someController&quot; from within &quot;myController&quot;?
geoid: that was question (1). Question (2) is: how do I access both &quot;someController&quot; and &quot;myController&quot; from the link function?
Pyrrhus666: LIERO: I don&acute;t understand your issue ? if I click on view 2 after the initial animation finishes, I don&acute;t see a menu appear ?
None
andygmb: but if I just do {{ $ctrl.mappedSection }} it shows the map object fine
jcool: geoid, whenever you require any controller, that will appear on 4th argument of link function
icebox: geoid: does the link I suggested a few hours ago give a few hints?
geoid: icebox it does but not in that combination... i.e. being able to access both &quot;require&quot; anc &quot;controller&quot; controllers from within the link function
LIERO: Pyrrhus666, I didn&acute;t put in on the second view
geoid: *and not *anc
LIERO: just click on the first view again
LIERO: it just shows up on the left side as view 1 slides in from the right of the screen
LIERO: i don&acute;t want it to be visible in the view transition animation
Pyrrhus666: andygmb: you&acute;re still not returning a promise. you&acute;re still resolving the promise on return.
icebox: geoid: really I should try it
andygmb: where, in the Promise.all(promises).then() part?
andygmb: is it the then() that's the issue?
Pyrrhus666: andygmb: yes
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: bingo ! :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: :P
andygmb: dane
andygmb: danke*
icebox: andygmb: bitte
Pyrrhus666: sch&ouml;n
Foxandxss: Elarcis: whats the problem?
Preuk: thx icebox i had lost the link, bookmarking again :)
Elarcis: Foxandxss: nah, an interrogation, really
Pyrrhus666: LIERO: you mean the (very fast) &acute;away&acute;animation off the left side ? that also happens when switching from 2 to 1
LIERO: no
LIERO: when you go from 2 to 1, you see that black thing
LIERO: that /was supposed/ to be the menu, but it illustrates the problem all the same
LIERO: in view 1, if you click the button, it opens it
geoid: icebox ok I see one can include the local directive's controller within require also... didn't realise that!
None
icebox: geoid: nice
geoid: icebox although that is confusing when the child directive has a scope of false... in which case we have two controllers with the same scope &ndash;&nbsp;am I right?
None
Pyrrhus666: andygmb: that, or maybe just return the promises.all() ? (never done that though
geoid: icebox thank you... amazing link!
icebox: geoid: you are welcome
Pyrrhus666: icebox is the amazing link collector and dispenser around here :)
rand0m: fawk, i need to lose some weight and exercise
None
jcool: icebox, can you please share your bookmarks ? :)
icebox: jcool: ngirc.js.org
None
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: you can contribute if you don't like it :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I know ;) I just thought the links would be on ngirc.js.org, not yet another site ?
Pyrrhus666: I was confused by the external links.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed... in gh-pages md docs render only in the wiki
icebox: Pyrrhus666: if you have an alternate solution, it is welcome
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I&acute;m very unacquainted with everything github, don&acute;t know if I could be of use...
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: up to us if we prefer readthedocs or wiki github
nishu-tryinghard: yearofmoo? is that your blog icebox
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: I have no blog :)
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: define &quot;like that&quot;
icebox: Pyrrhus666: understood
jcool: icebox, github pages hosting?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I don't know if we set a custom domain for wiki page
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I mean, it is possible, but I don't know if dns.js.org policy allows it
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I has the idea that in response to questions we could easily link to sections with urls as short as possible.
jcool: something like name:.github.io
Pyrrhus666: s/has/had/
icebox: jcool: we did that
None
jcool: icebox, oh :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: example?
None
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ok... github doesn't render md pages :)
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: we should appreciate actually we just push a commit to add a change :)
nishu-tryinghard: give me your opinion or tell me why use write tests or why not
icebox: Pyrrhus666: in your configuration you need a build workflow :)
nishu-tryinghard: you write*
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: what do you mean &acute;push a commit to add a change&acute; ? -- git n00b (and can&acute;t that simply be a html page called &acute;1&acute; ?)
nishu-tryinghard: &quot;before you even wrote the damn thing!&quot; i though we write tests after we are done coding
icebox: Pyrrhus666: the requirement is using md format
runtyrobot: I have an ng-click function, in an ng-repeat - which removes the user (via json) -- how do I remove it from the array/object being parsed in ng-repeat, so it doesn't appear on the list anymore?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: when you push the commit to ng-irc repo, automagically you see the change in readthedocs
icebox: Pyrrhus666: using gh-pages it is possible what you say, but you need to play with jekyll setup
Pyrrhus666: icebox: ah, ok, I sort of understand :)
nishu-tryinghard: runtyrobot, your can use array methods like splice to remove that index
runtyrobot: nishu-tryinghard: I'll give it a shot - thanks :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: of course, I may be wrong and there is an alternate solution :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: the point is... we are open to change when we want :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: in the meantime we collect the content
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, $q.defer(); needs to be re-instantiated everytime I make a call with different parameters. If I don't ,I don't get the data I expect to get
rand0m: how do I go on about doing that
icebox: rand0m: behaviour expected
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: logical. a new promise, a new call, new data.
rand0m: ahhhhh
icebox: rand0m: when a promise is resolved (or rejected) is done :)
Pyrrhus666: and maybe a new dawn ? new hope ? i dunno.
bd-: why doesn't angular-cli expose any webpack configuration
rand0m: But I don't want new ones
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: a promise once resolved is done.
Pyrrhus666: how poetic/
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: said that two lines before :)
rand0m: let me update my plnk so its easier to understand
Pyrrhus666: icebox: haha. hadn&acute;t noticed :) but the ( and ) make it less poetic ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed
icebox: rand0m: that code seems correct
None
icebox: rand0m: every time you call fetchRepositoryContents, a new deferred object is created
rand0m: in project info controller, Im calling the fetchrepocontents method with different parameters
icebox: rand0m: (generally speaking, always use .then.catch instead of .(success, failure) )
icebox: rand0m: ok... it seems ok to me
rand0m: Im expecting the factory to get the contents and save it in factory's accessKey.data property
rand0m: but when I run the code I only see 1 call's data
rand0m: either branch or content, but not both
icebox: rand0m: no idea.. but from a point a view of the promise is ok
nishu-tryinghard: rand0m, also in success it does save it &quot;factory.requests[requestObject.accessKey].data = data;&quot;
rand0m: yeah
rand0m: line 52 factory.requests[requestObject.accessKey].data = data;
nishu-tryinghard: so the doesnt store as intended ?
nishu-tryinghard: it*
None
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: you clear that factory.request object on each invocation...
rand0m: I'm making 2 calls from one controller, I expect 2 requestObjects in factory.requests
rand0m: then that would defeat the purpose :(
rand0m: I use the same object to feed content to ui
icebox: rand0m: check with devtools... but it doesn't seem a promise issue
Pyrrhus666: rand0m: so why do you clear it on each invocation ?
rand0m: it points out that  the error is           frcDeferred.resolve(data);
icebox: rand0m: error?
rand0m: I think that for each request the frcDeferred var should be differnet
rand0m: icebox TypeError: Cannot set property 'data' of undefined at githubFactory.js:52
icebox: rand0m: you are mixing a bit the things :)
rand0m: oh crap
rand0m: line 52 is factory.requests[requestObject.accessKey].data = data;
Pyrrhus666: the things mixing a bit, you are...
Pyrrhus666: sorry.
rand0m: eh :s
nishu-tryinghard: if thats the issue maybe there is no such key as data so you use [] instead of . notation or maybe there is not key with &quot;requestObject.accessKey&quot;. And if you are expecting 2 requestObject then dont clear them like Pyrrhus666 pointed it out
nishu-tryinghard: But there should be &quot;requestObject.accessKey&quot; so maybe the data key is the only one missing which throws that undefined error
rand0m: phew
rand0m: my bad
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, and Pyrrhus666 do you write tests?
rand0m: you are right icebox Pyrrhus666
rand0m: I was mixing things up
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: nope. I think I should though.
rand0m: and yes I was clearing requests object
zomg: if you need help with tests just ask me =)
rand0m: i should've moved it to top
nishu-tryinghard: zomg, tell me all about it :)
Pyrrhus666: zomg: just point them to that article ;)
rand0m: teach me like one of your finnish girls zomg  :P
rand0m: \/titanic joke
nishu-tryinghard: or like a 5 year old finnish girl FTFY
rand0m: :|
rand0m: brb
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: if we were in the US, you&acute;d have the fbi knocking on your door now ;)
None
zomg: I've written basically everything there is to say about unit tests there
zomg: lol
zomg: (ok maybe not *everything* but a lot)
nishu-tryinghard: zomg, iam reading that article right now
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, And say &quot;Like a 5 year old FTFY&quot;?
Elarcis: zomg: you're a unit testing expert :3
zomg: assert.equals(true, aboveStatement)
nishu-tryinghard: thats the only thing which comes to my mind when i think about testing
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: even mentioning 5 yo girls is cause for concern for some ;)
Elarcis: zomg: aaah, you didn't specify an assertion message!
nishu-tryinghard: i was correct rand0m :p
nishu-tryinghard: correcting*
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: (as in the 2 main arguments for anything security related these days : terrorism and child porn. and me mentioning that probably dooms me)
zomg: Elarcis: I think they're unnecessary usually, only if the assertion requires more informative output :)
Elarcis: oh, PragmataPro has been updated its ligatures, they're no way better handled by VSCode 3
Elarcis: *now way
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: was there a problem with vscode then ? hadn&acute;t noticed...
rand0m: yes
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: it treated the ligatures as a single char, so the cursor could only be on the left or on the right
zomg: I recommend investing in a VPN :P
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: even when you were editing the middle char
zomg: I got busted by copyright trolls for piracy because I forgot to turn off seeding in utorrent
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: ah, IC.
zomg: so now I have a VPN, fuck them.
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: ICQ
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: I still have that, I think
zomg: VPNs are also good for other kinds of security issues besides that =)
Pyrrhus666: zomg: I&acute;m using a vpn since our government told isp&acute;s to keep big logs on everything their customers do. fuck that.
kegster: is there an official way to override a template in angular that's from a module? specifically, i'm tryin to override a small template inside ui-grid
Pyrrhus666: pity nteflix&acute; reloction doesn&acute;t work anymore though.
nishu-tryinghard: zomg, do you write test to write your test? and ....
Pyrrhus666: *netflix relocation
nishu-tryinghard: test to test your tests, testception! zomg
zomg: Pyrrhus666: it works sometimes.. you just need to find the endpoint which they don't detect :P
zomg: I managed to get it working once with tunnelbear, but I suspect they're pretty quick to update their IP blacklists
Pyrrhus666: zomg: my vpn provider has none left.
Pyrrhus666: zomg: I used borderless internet for a while, but that&acute;s gone too.
Pyrrhus666: srsly thinking of quitting netflix and downloading (even though I&acute;ve never really done that)
Elarcis: kegster: I suppose not
Pyrrhus666: kegster: doesn&acute;t ui-grid allow for custom templates at some level ? I know ui-bootstrap does...
None
coder_2014: anyone knows how can I add an event listener to a dynamically created component?
icebox: coder_2014: what do you mean?
coder_2014: I'm dynamically creating components using ViewContainerRef.createComponent() and I now want to bind events as I used to do when I created the selector and the curved brackets
coder_2014: I used to do icebox (hello)=&quot;alert()&quot;:/icebox:
coder_2014: but now I'm creating the component dynamically based on some pre-loaded config
coder_2014: and I still need this component to listen the &quot;hello&quot; event
coder_2014: note: which is thrown by its child
coder_2014: :)
icebox: coder_2014: is that html in the template of the component created dynamically?
coder_2014: well this component apart of listening to events it also receive attributes, but that's an other story
icebox: coder_2014: template: `div class=&quot;open-button&quot; (click)='openDialogBox()':Open dialog box/div: `, and click works
coder_2014: other than that the html is static
icebox: coder_2014: do you mean that event doesn't work if the component is created dynamically?
coder_2014: exactly, because I haven't defined the listener
icebox: coder_2014: but it works if it is stati
icebox: coder_2014: *static
rangu: Hello guys
coder_2014: not sure if we're talking about the same thing
rangu: I have a question mainly related to frontend.
icebox: coder_2014: agreed
coder_2014: I miss the (onEventListen) part when I create the componeny dynamically
rangu: I have two select boxes, dynamically loaded. One is larger than the other. How do I set them to have the same width?
icebox: coder_2014: my point is... if the component is not created dynamically does it work correctly?
coder_2014: yes
coder_2014: it is
coder_2014: but when I create it dynamically the event binding part is not there
icebox: coder_2014: ok... it seems wierdly to me... because the example I gave you it is inside a component created dynamically and it works
coder_2014: you've shown me a div
coder_2014: I'm talking about a custom component
icebox: coder_2014: you too :)
coder_2014: ?
coder_2014: I said icebox
coder_2014: mycustomcomponent
icebox: coder_2014: and I asked if it was part of the template that html
coder_2014: this HTML tag mycustomcomponent (onListenEvent)=&quot;alert('a');&quot;:/mycustomcomponent: is placed inside the app.component.html
icebox: coder_2014: I don't see any diff in term of events... you mean the diff is that custom component is not yet created
coder_2014: and inside app.component.ts I'm dybamically creating mycustomcomponent
coder_2014: so I'm trying now to write the equivalent to (onListenEvent) when creating the component on demand
icebox: coder_2014: so... the point is not about the event... but it is about the order of instance creation in nested components
coder_2014: mmm
icebox: coder_2014: ok... no problem... I give up... sorry for the confusion
coder_2014: well, the only component I'm creating is mycustomcomponent: here, app.component is the boostrap one, it's not dynamically created
coder_2014: no, maybe it's me that is confused
coder_2014: or I'm not explaining correctly
icebox: coder_2014: ten lines of code are better than thousand of words
coder_2014: okay, let me try to put it all together
None
coder_2014: not sure if it's going to make sense now
coder_2014: I've read about using the this.renderer.listen() but not sure if this is the approach to follow and I couldn't actually make it working
icebox: coder_2014: sorry... no idea
coder_2014: no probs
coder_2014: thanks
ifaboss: Hello guys
ifaboss: I need tips
icebox: ifaboss: don't ask to ask... just ask
ifaboss: icebox again haha :d still I have problem with http - https
ifaboss: something was change and it not work now
ifaboss: I don't know I'm not programmer or something I need just help
icebox: ifaboss: same problem?
None
icebox: ifaboss: ok... but here #angularjs... not #yournetworking
ifaboss: and anyone here
ifaboss: cant help me?
ifaboss: ya?
icebox: ifaboss: what was the result of your request when you asked it in the past in this channel?
icebox: ifaboss: because I remember people helped you... what was the conclusion?
ifaboss: but when I change my script
ifaboss: was http on https
ifaboss: and it start robbing
ifaboss: but when he need take energy from nightclub
None
ifaboss: is it
icebox: ifaboss: is angular issue?
ifaboss: don't know what is it mate
ifaboss: angular team create it for me
icebox: ifaboss: ah ok... you requested it in a random channel :)
ifaboss: but he don't answer now cause he's off
ifaboss: hard working
ifaboss: aaa ok ice
ifaboss: I didn't know :)
icebox: ifaboss: angular team what?
ifaboss: nothing done
ifaboss: That last one is what's happening here. The browser is blocking access from the HTTPS script to the HTTP server. You need to fix the javascript on your page to access the HTTPS version on the server. Literally a single-character fix, but you need to find where that problem exists. You say you replaced them all, but you missed at least one. Both Firefox and Chrome have debugging tools in them. Both should tell you where in your co
ifaboss: I need remove something from my scrip
ifaboss: but don't know what
Pyrrhus666: icebox: someone supposedly from the channel helped him create a little angular app that helps him cheat at games. the games was updated and his cheat broke. that is all.
zomg: lol
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ah...
ifaboss: pyrrhus you are strange really
Pyrrhus666: he was around yesterday. different nick, same urls.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: yes, I remember
zomg: wait I wonder if it's the same guy who tried to haxor imvu
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I didn't follow that thread
zomg: there was someone trying to inject html and scripts into imvu a couple weeks back on ##javascript iirc...
None
Pyrrhus666: have a good weekend peeps. I&acute;m off !
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ciao
rand0m: bye Pyrrhus666
icebox: rand0m: I am sure you can work out that :P
icebox: off... bye
rand0m: hmmm
icebox: rand0m: come on :P
rand0m: I do have a model set
rand0m: in my controller all I have to do is set the model value
rand0m: thats what i've done til lnow
rand0m: till now*
icebox: rand0m: it seems correct to me that approach... but I think it is missing something
rand0m: whats missing :s
icebox: rand0m: read that post and you know it
icebox: :P
icebox: really off
rand0m: it says that I need to manually set $scope.selectedItem = $scope.items[0];
rand0m: to get value
rand0m: but I dont want that :s
rand0m: dang he left
None
rand0m: hmm doesnt work on my local
Aftab: Hello Everyone, I want to ask a question if someone can answer
geoid: why does my ng-click call stop working when I change my directive scope from &quot;true&quot; to {}? And how can I get it to work again?
rand0m: geoid
geoid: yes?
rand0m: what do you mean
geoid: I mean I have a directive like my-directive ng-click=&quot;md.clicker()&quot;:/mydirective: defined as directive={scope:true, controllerAs: 'md',controller: function(scope){ scope.clicker = function(){ doSomething; }}
geoid: if I change from scope: true to scope: {} then the ng-click stops working.
rand0m: ah
rand0m: arent you making scope empty by declaring scope: {} ?
geoid: yes
geoid: question is how do I keep the ng-click working with an isolate scope?
geoid: can put whatever into scope object if you think it will help?
rand0m: do you need to do scope : {}
geoid: no but it needs to be an object
geoid: doesn't have to be an empty object
geoid: so could be scope: {somestuff: '='} etc.
rand0m: yes you could do the = one
rand0m: here's an example
None
rand0m: with =
geoid: but what if my click is not inside the template?
geoid: like in my example
geoid: where the ng-click is on the same element as the directive attribute.
rand0m: hmm, I think you should use &amp;
rand0m: I havent tried it myself
None
tkdaj: Is this the room the talk about angular 2 or is there a specific room for that?
geoid: use &amp; on what?
rand0m: there is a room, but I dont know the link , sorry :(
rand0m: scope: { ng-click: &quot;&amp;&quot; } ?
geoid: no that doesn't work
geoid: that was my first guess too but it doesn't work
rand0m: ok then instead of doing scope: {}
rand0m: remove the whole scope attribute
rand0m: and if you're using a link function
rand0m: then use scope.clicker() { ... }
rand0m: that should work?
geoid: but I need scope:{}
rand0m: hmm, leave scope: {} and try again then
rand0m: i mean type in scope: {} and use link functions scope.clicker
None
GitGud: hi
GitGud: in a $scope if i declare a var do i need to null it out on $scope destroy?
GitGud: like when i come out of said $scope to another $scope for example
mst: eh?
mst: GitGud: javascript is garbage collected. angular is just javascript.
mst: GitGud: if that doesn't answer your question, please describe what you're doing in more detail
GitGud: i think it does but just to be sure
rand0m: geoid, what is that supposed to do
None
geoid: click the number
GitGud: so i have say home, profile, about tabs. and they each have they own $scope. so im in home tab $scope and a var is declared. say var something = &quot;someshit&quot;; (not scope variable). and then user clicks on profile tab and switches to that $scope. is the var something garbage collected? mst
None
GitGud: because i know $scope variables get removed and collected automatically. but im not sure if the same is happening for just var inside $scopes
geoid: GitGud yes they will
geoid: a scope is a scope :)
rand0m: wait a second
rand0m: geoid, you want ngclick on your directive right?
GitGud: ok thank you geoid
rand0m: but your directive is replaced by the template being passed
rand0m: why not add ngclick to template being passed directly?
geoid: um.. what?
geoid: oh... I can't
rand0m: why??
rand0m: like this
rand0m: template: 'div ng-click=&quot;hello()&quot;:child:      strong:{{ current }}/strong:/child:/div:'
rand0m: thats working :/
geoid: This is just an example but in the real world I need the ng-click not to be defined in this template
geoid: or do I... let me think about that a bit.
rand0m: me too
rand0m: don't think we can use ngclick on directive directly :s
rand0m: not sure though
rand0m: you can use a new attribute on-click=&quot;myfun()&quot;
rand0m: then use on-click attribute to get the function and run it
None
geoid: rand0m that page assumes one has jQuery strapped in.
geoid: which we don't
geoid: anyhow, moving the ng-click into the template worked for me... so thanks!
rand0m: np :)
rand0m: hang around when others pop by and they may give you a better answer
None
geoid: although I don't understand the notation used :-/
geoid: must be ecma6
rand0m: ok hang on
rand0m: let me simplify
None
jcool: geoid, on mission to achieve something? :)
rand0m: simple as pie
geoid: but actually that's cheating... he just moved the click function into the controller
rand0m: ye
rand0m: thats where its supposed to be
rand0m: $scope.current = 1 in main controller
rand0m: and in directive, he's passing current to template so it renders out whatever the value it has
rand0m: in this case would be 1
rand0m: and when you click the element, the increment begins and binding gets updated
geoid: no.. it's really not where it's supposed to be.. not for what I'm trying to do.
geoid: I need this directive to work as a component... it's no good to me if I have to define the click function in every view's controller that happens to make use of this directive.
geoid: I want it to be self-contained.
geoid: jcool aye!
rand0m: wb
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 3fe2f4c Martin Staffa: test($compile): fix tplrt tests for templateUrl
rangu: Hello guys
rangu: I have a question regarding to Angular-Angular 2.
drej: Angular^2
rangu: What? drej
gho5t_: Angular^(1x2)
drej: BEDMAS son
rand0m: BODMAS
proudmonkey: Hi all, I'm here to ask if where can we get an Angular sticker for laptop?
drej: probably the internet
proudmonkey: is there an official one?
None
proudmonkey: thank you sir!
gho5t_: now just to warn you - you will not be able to pick up more chics with it
ARandomFurry: [TypeScript, Angular 2.0.2]; I have an array of windows and I want each window to have it's own router-output: tag. I'm lost on how to set up my routes, and the examples I find are either a different router version, or not doing what I'm doing.
ARandomFurry: Each window is just a component, not a route.
wrkrcoop: anyone ever used backbone? what do u thinK? might have to use it @ work
Germanaz0: Hello everybody, somebody using angular material? is there any way to add open animations ?
jrozner: Is there a way to attach a function to a binding so that when it changes on the frontend it runs it transforms it one way and when it's updated in the controller is transforms it a way for the UI?
rand0m: sorry Germanaz0 no idea mate :(
Germanaz0: thanks @rand0m
rand0m: when you say open animations
rand0m: what do you mean
None
rand0m: here's something I threw up
