angularjs827: hi guys , im having problems with es6
rand0m: angularjs827, go to ##javascript for quick es6 help
jeeussss: hey, I want to use $http cache, but what i'd like to do is use the cache vales to load data if they exist but still load data, so that maybe half a second later the updated data is displayed
jeeussss: is there any quick way to do this?
jeeussss: cause it takes me a bit of time to load data from database, so I'd like to display cached data first before I get new data
zomg: jeeussss: one way to do it would be to have a service which holds the current data and does the $http req
zomg: your code would need to grab the existing data and then call the update function, which then could return a promise which gives back the updated data
zomg: (or have some other method of receiving multiple sets of data over time)
zomg: one thing to keep in mind though... if the user expects the data to reload, then there's very little point in showing the old data
jeeussss: i'm reall new to angular, is there some way to grab cached data directly?
zomg: in fact it can even be confusing that first you get one set of values, and later you get a different set of values
zomg: well like I said the easiest way is to just save the data into a variable yourself and load it from there
jeeussss: like in local storage?
zomg: if you want it to persist over page loads, then for example yeah
zomg: if you don't care about page loads, then you can just stick it into a plain old JS variable
jeeussss: its basically for hitting a page, going to an edit page, and then going back
jeeussss: i think ideally if I could modify my getData function to check if $http cache exists, pull it, and then continue with database call would be best
jeeussss: i dont' see any docs about interacting with $http cache though
None
jeeussss: does this sound conceptually correct, I turn on default caching, at start of Get requests I pull data from cache load page, then remove cache before http so http requests always has no cache
Ghost_Chilli: Hey guys. I'm trying to get a couple of different things working together and was hoping someone could help. I've got a module that loads image categories from the DB, and when a category is clicked, it displays those images and paginates the results. I'm trying to integrate angular-dragular with it so those images can be dragged. Not having much luck though.
None
zomg: jeeussss: the default http caching mechanism will just cache entire requests and will not load extra data
zomg: jeeussss: this is why you'd need to roll a custom storage for it as I suggeste
zomg: d
None
xgqfrms: which version should I learn, as a beginner?
xgqfrms: Anybody at Home?
tmuwa: Good morning!
wolfe: anyone have a sec to lend some insight to trusted HTML in templates with angular-ui?
wafflejock: wolfe, what's the issue? have a plnkr?
oded: Is there a way to have an ngModel directive that doesn't watch the expression? I want the input the change the model but the model itself will never change without the input, so the watcher is redundant (and expensive)
zomg: oded: it really isn't expensive at all unless you have a thousand inputs where you want this behavior
zomg: I'm not sure if there's a way to have a &quot;write only&quot; ng-model
oded: zomg: well it's a big part of my digest life span, it sets a function as the watcher expression which is always expensive
zomg: again it is completely irrelevant unless you have literally hundreds and hundreds of them
zomg: one or five watchers for models aren't going to kill your performance
oded: zomg: I have like 10 (not really inputs actually, it's ng-file-upload but everything points to ngModel taking up most of the digest time)
zomg: 10 is nothing
zomg: are you actually having performance problems with this?
oded: zomg: on mobile it takes like 2 seconds to load
zomg: the page load?
zomg: I mean, the initial load of the page when you open it in the browser, and not the load of say some ng-view
oded: zomg: it's async due to a request. it takes 2 seconds between the request being processed and the ng-repeat showing the items
zomg: ah I see
None
oded: (sorry for the hebrew it's my best example)
zomg: uhh can you try pasting it from chrome so it urlencodes the chars?
oded: sorry yeah
zomg: 'cause my irc client is showing it completely wrong :D
None
oded: (shareable URL of the same thing)
oded: You'll see a bunch of &quot;upload image&quot; buttons. Those buttons use ng-model which according to my tests are the next biggest problem (one problem at a time). My tests may be wrong though
zomg: hmm yeah there is a bit of a lag between the page showing and the list showing
None
oded: This one does have pictures, so there is no 'upload' button and thus no ng-model
zomg: yeah that seems to open a bit faster
zomg: also: wow it's so confusing to edit a url with hebrew on it because suddenly the cursor jumps around and you're deleting from the front..
zomg: :D
oded: Oh and the relevant time period is between the pages being shown and the entries being shown. The pages are shown once I get the data, then the entries are set after a timeout (to prevent entire page lagging)
oded: Yes it's very annoying :(
oded: And also whatsapp doesn't recognize URL encoding characters as part of the URL when fetching the metadata, so you have that problem as well
zomg: okay so here's an easy way to test this
zomg: remove the button entirely, but render the page otherwise the same :)
zomg: measure if there's any significant difference in performance or not
oded: zomg: there is. I have also been using digest hud and my own watchers finding code to figure out where the problem is
oded: I'll do it again
zomg: one way to do it would be to code it manually I guess
zomg: since it's a file upload thing it might be easier to do without ng-model since you might not need as much logic which depends on ng-model (literally almost everything related to inputs requires that)
oded: I'm actually not sure that's the only problem. Been using Chrome's Timeline, and I can't find something specific that takes all the time
zomg: it might be the digest cycle in general
zomg: also it could be the ng-includes, I don't know how performant those are
zomg: you might also want to try using a trackby in the ng-repeat, but I'm not sure if that'll do much for cases where the list isn't re-rendered :)
oded: Does track by make such a big difference?
zomg: at least if the list gets updated it can yeah
frappy: i want to give a goto line option in my web application which takes line number from user and go to that line of the webpage,how to do this?
runtyrobot: I have a sortBy function - where I like to add an icon if the current value is selected - but it gets tiresome repeating the same html and same ng-if. How do I best improve on this?
rand0m: morning all :)
mcfdez: Hello. I have a broadcast/emit function in a controller. In this controller I recive some data and I push in array. If I console the array I see that the new element is pushed well, but in the view the ng-repeat is not updated. Any suggestion please?
mcfdez: solved with $apply
Me4502: Hi, I'm having an issue where with one controller, a function is never called on form submit
Me4502: I can't reproduce the issue when I put it in a standalone thing, I can only reproduce it on the actual application. So basically I can't create a test app that has the same issue
None
None
Me4502: There's a similar controller/html file, and that works fine - I can't see any actual difference, or reason this one wouldn't work.  The function 'send_message()' isn't called at all, because the message I log in the first line never occurs
zomg: Me4502: is the controller actually being loaded somehow? the html doesn't have an ng-controller at least
Me4502: There's a component, yeah
None
zomg: and the controller's name is unique?
Me4502: The app doesn't have any other controller named contactController
zomg: hmm
Me4502: and yeah, just verified it's loaded - put a console.log just before the dependencies were injected
zomg: ok I was going to suggest that next :)
zomg: wait did you put the log on the line before $inject = deps or inside the function contactController?
Me4502: before the inject line
zomg: ok that just confirms the file gets loaded, it doesn't confirm the controller runs
zomg: try putting one inside the function itself, this way you can see if the controller actually even gets created
Me4502: hmm, nothing comes up
Me4502: What could be causing it to not be created?
zomg: that would seem to indicate another controller with the same name
Me4502: Is there a way for me to find out what that controller is?
zomg: (one good reason why a controller for a component might make sense to inline in the component rather than having it as a named controller)
zomg: uhh you could probably do a search in your project with the word ContactController and see if anything comes up
Me4502: Oh, there's nothing else in my project named that
Me4502: There are only 7 controllers
zomg: Weird
zomg: Try inlining the controller into the component maybe?
Me4502: And in the exported app-bundle.js, there's only one
Me4502: How do I inline it when I have dependencies to inject?
zomg: controller: ['foo', 'bar', function(foo, bar) { ...
zomg: or you can just move the function declaration and the $inject into the component's file
zomg: and use controller: contactController
Me4502: still doesn't load
Me4502: could the component be conflicting with something?
zomg: hum
zomg: if you have another component with the same name
zomg: :P
Me4502: Nah, I don't - I just named it contact_component to test, still same issue
zomg: okay that's really weird then..
zomg: so you just have contact:/contact: and it doesn't load the controller for it?
zomg: and in the controller the console.log is inside the main controller function, like before the line var self = this ?
Me4502: I have a /contact route
Me4502: and the console.log is the line after var self = this;
zomg: you don't happen to have a controller for the route do you?
Me4502: No
Me4502: the component handles that
zomg: ok, wasn't sure if component routes had controllers anyway :)
Me4502: It works fine for every other page, which is why this is so odd
Me4502: hmm, if I bypass the component and load the controller dirrectly in the routeProvider it loads it
zomg: heh
zomg: yeah no idea tbh, there must be some tiny difference somewhere with how you've set them up if it works for others and doesn't for this
Me4502: however the button still doesn't call the function
Me4502: ... Well I fixed it
Me4502: Turns out using templateUrl, instead of template, doesn't actually work with components
zomg: o_O
zomg: it works just fine for me at least
Me4502: Just switched templateUrl: 'the file' to template: 'contact:/contact:'
zomg: oh.. did you have that in the route?
Me4502: yeah
zomg: ah that might explain it then if there was something wonky about that
Me4502: I noticed it was the only one with a controller that used templateUrl
Me4502: all the others that use templateUrl don't have a controller
Me4502: But yeah, thanks for the help, glad this is sorted now :P
zomg: did you have the templateUrl set to the component's template URL?
Me4502: Yeah, they were identical
zomg: because that would mean it just loads that without actually loading the component I think
Me4502: Ah
Me4502: that'd explain it
Cooler: how do you call a function defined in a controller?
Cooler: i have a controller custCtrl, function($scope){
Cooler: and i have a function inside it   $scope.func = function(){
Cooler: how do i call func from a ng-click?
Cooler: actually   $scope.func = function(id){
Cooler: i need to pass in a variable
Cooler: ng-click=&quot;func({{test.i}})&quot; gives a syntax error on '{'
mst: well, yes, that's not how javascript syntax works
Cooler: whats the correct syntax?
mst: well, if test.i is actually in scope, surely &quot;func(test.i)&quot; ?
Cooler: well thats not giving a syntax error
Cooler: but it also doesn't seem to be calling func
Cooler: and looking at the code, test.id isn't replaced with the id
Cooler: the generated code is just  func(test.id)   instead of something like   func(0)
Cooler: mst, it might be worth mentioning that this is inside a custom directive
mst: err, test.id isn't a variable in scope?
Cooler: i have scope:{test:'='},
mst: right, in which case func(test.id) sounds like it should in theory work with me
None
Cooler: i can access {{test.id}} for stuff like  img ng-src=&quot;/resources/{{test.id}}.jpg&quot;:
Cooler: but not for a ng-click=&quot;func({{test.id}})&quot;: apparently
Cooler: from inside the directive template html
soee: Cooler: a ng-click=&quot;func(test.id)&quot;:
Cooler: soee, what?
Cooler: i am using   div ng-repeat=&quot;p in products | custFilter:searchText&quot;:
Cooler: to filter only those products whose name contains the searchText
Cooler: each time the products become visible after being hidden they rerequest the images inside them
Cooler: is this normal? seems extremly wasteful
zentechdev: hi there i got some questions about parsing json with angular
rand0m: zentechdev, go on
runtyrobot: is there a way to create a $scope variable in a service, which can be used automagically in a controller ?
runtyrobot: as scope
nangular: Hi :)
angularoptimist: Hi people
angularoptimist: Happy to join you on this room
angularoptimist: Someone can explain to me what is the actual status of AngularJS right now please?
angularoptimist: Is it still maintained?
angularoptimist: Is it going to be stopped?
SomeT: hi, what is a gtood beginner tutorial for angular js to build a web app locally on my mac?
SomeT: *good
nangular: SomeT : udemy.com
None
None
rand0m: angularoptimist, I dont actually know, but looks like both v1 and v2 will be supported for a good time :)
angularoptimist: Someone knows if the AngularJS project is not going to be replaced by Angular2 please??
rand0m: I don't think it would be
angularoptimist: thanks rand0m ! I hope so
rand0m: unless the whole world goes hell bent on using es6/classes and angular 2 only
angularoptimist: Dont like the angular2, especially the ugly tyescript
mst: typescript isn't required
mst: and it's really ES6 plus some optional extra syntax
rand0m: SomeT udemy.com egghead.io lynda.com mva.microsoft.com are some good resources
angularoptimist: mst: you re right, but in angular2 you have new things like decorators ...
nangular: rand0m : yes, i buy a elearning and i find that it's very cool
nangular: ( and not so expensive )
rand0m: which one?
SomeT: that is not veryu specific :'(
angularoptimist: dont really like that, I prefere angularjs, guys the original framework must live...
SomeT: like which course on udemy?
mst: angularoptimist: that's also part of ES6
mst: angularoptimist: and is just fancy syntax for function calls
None
None
angularoptimist: ok mst thanks for the remark
None
angularoptimist: i am just an old guy who dislike changes :)
mst: angularoptimist: ES6 is a much nicer language
mst: angularoptimist: it's actually almost up to the level of perl5
angularoptimist: with classes and things like that ! it looks more like java for me ;)
angularoptimist: mst: the old simple functional style JS still do a nice job
mst: angularoptimist: the class keyword is just sugar around prototype chaining
angularoptimist: dont really see why JS6. except for generators maybe witch are great idea
mst: angularoptimist: 'let'
mst: angularoptimist: writing functional code is much easier with working lexical scoping
angularoptimist: mst: do you know if angularjs is going to keep maitained?
angularoptimist: *maintained
None
angularoptimist: ??
angularoptimist: what is that?
mst: !!
mst: it's the only possible response to your question.
angularoptimist: sorry cant show pictures on my computer
angularoptimist: ok
angularoptimist: dont worry if you dont have an answer mst
None
angularoptimist: guys i must go now
angularoptimist: mst: thanks for the info i will check js6!
nangular: Des fran&ccedil;ais dans le salon ?
rand0m: nangular, non
nangular: rand0m: ow :'(
rand0m: sprache deutsch?? :D?
None
rand0m: Ive looked into your code nangular
rand0m: I have no clue :(
rand0m: could you create a working plnk?
rand0m: plnkr.co ?
nangular: hum, i try
rand0m: merci :)
nangular: rand0m : j'ai trouv&eacute; une autre erreur en corrigeant :  $.fn.dataTable.ColumnFilter is not a constructor
rand0m: hmm
rand0m: is it in your local?
nangular: yes
rand0m: do you know if the library that provides dataTable function is available globally?
nangular: yes, datatable is globally
rand0m: hmm
rand0m: how are you using that file in your project?
rand0m: are you requiring?
rand0m: or just including js file in your grunt/gulp/webpack
nangular: j'utilise gulp and a json'file ({   &quot;chunks&quot;: {     &quot;vendor&quot;: [       &quot;jquery&quot;,       &quot;jquery-ui&quot;,...) qui compile dans un fichier vendor.min.js - je call them in my controller
nangular: (il m'a fait un vieux truc mdr )
rand0m: I was not kidding when I said no french :P
nangular: I use a gulp and json file ({ &quot;chunks&quot;: { &quot;vendor&quot;: [ &quot;jquery&quot;, &quot;jquery-ui&quot; ...) that compiles into a file vendor.min.js - I call 'em in my controller
rand0m: I don't speak much french :(
rand0m: so in that file,
rand0m: did you include your library for datatables?
dofidum: I'm having trouble catching the case when a http post results CONNECTION REFUSED with ObservableResponse: (Angular2) any ideas?
nangular: yes
rand0m: thats strange, if you've included that there, then it should work
rand0m: are there any other dependencies that needs to be included in the project for datatables to work?
rand0m: sorry I dont know much about data tables
nangular: that work but not for this module : withLightColumnFilter / angular.module('app.ouvrages', ['datatables', 'datatables.bootstrap', 'datatables.light-columnfilter']).config(functio............
rand0m: if you want to use withLightColumnFilter then I have read that you need to include the file also
nangular: i include this file
nangular: just, the console said me  : $.fn.dataTable.ColumnFilter is not a constructor
rand0m: not sure what file it is
rand0m: but here's someone having same problem
None
None
rand0m: it says
rand0m: You need to add the file angular-datatables.light-columnfilter.min.js to your HTML file.
rand0m: and
rand0m: You also need to add the dependency datatables.light-columnfilter to your Angular app.
rand0m: see the example on that site
jeffmcnd: Can someone please tell me how I use the Parse JS SDK in my Angular 1 project? I've installed with bower and loaded with a script:, then I added 'parse' to my module's dependencies.
jeffmcnd: But I still get the 'Module not available' error
rand0m: jeffmcnd,
None
rand0m: i copied the code from someone
rand0m: it works fine?
jeffmcnd: I'd like to have it install via bower but I guess that part doesn't really matter. What does the module/controller look like?
jeffmcnd: rand0m:
jeffmcnd: Woops, didn't see the code tree, hang on.
jeffmcnd: OK, I'm confused (and new to Angular). Where is your angular.module() line?
jeffmcnd: Damnit, just found it.
rand0m: :z
rand0m: :|
