jeffmcnd: I'm trying to get results from a Parse server but when the call comes back, my view doesn't update with the results, it stays the same.
jeffmcnd: Could someone direct me to a page that shows you how to properly update the view after an asynchronous call?
jeffmcnd: /exit
nggs: is angular like erb but javascript?
SomeT: anyone know the best way to learn angular js just the front end as a complete noob using mac os sierra?
icfantv: nggs: what's erb?
nggs: icfantv: erb is ruby in html to display content on the dom
nggs: embedded ruby
icfantv: uhhhh. like ruby code IN html?
icfantv: nggs: ^^
nggs: yeah
icfantv: like ruby code in HTML to generate HTML?
nggs: but you use it in rails
icfantv: then the answer is no
nggs: like a template language
icfantv: ERB sounds more like PHP or Java scriptlets
nggs: you put it in between html tags
icfantv: angular CAN build HTML, but it's not really what you should be doing now&hellip;.that's what the $compile service lets you do.  but that's not available in ng2
icfantv: and you can't do AoT when you have dynamically build HTML like that
wafflejock: nggs, Angular is in general for making a single page application where once you load the initial framework and it starts executing then the rest of the HTML is loaded via AJAX calls and inserted into the page by the framework.  It brings dependency injection and data binding to the client side.
wafflejock: nggs, the idea is to extend the markup of HTML to add new components or behaviors by defining them in JS rather than mixing HTML with JS which is more how I see erb
None
heartburn: it's about selectively bypassing angular's validation.
Jansen: GGWP
sam_: Hi
sam_: How can we use /Json
rodigan: are there any good notification modules that work with webpack?
rodigan: or are commonjs
Elarcis: wow I just checked
Elarcis: my project doesn't contain any == anymore
Elarcis: at least the previous dev did something right
Elarcis: :D
zomg: JS hipster status achieved
None
None
zomg: dialog
zomg: a dialogue is a conversation
zomg: :D
heartburn: verdammt.
heartburn: Elarcis: doesn't show the message when simply you simply tab out.
heartburn: doesn't show it at all, in fact.
Elarcis: heartburn: ah dammit
Elarcis: heartburn: wrong variable name
Elarcis: my fix does not work
heartburn: i kinda came up with a fix, but it's quite retarded. wondering if you guys have any better ideas.
Elarcis: heartburn: you sure you don't want to use $dirty on your field?
wafflejock: heartburn, basically seems like the problem is the mouse up doesn't happen on the button since the message moves the button, having the message below the button allows the click action to complete at least
wafflejock: heartburn, guess a mouse down handler that doesn't wait for the mouse up on the nevermind would probably work but not really ideal either
wafflejock: like you wrote there as soon as the focus is lost the form is going through validation, don't think you can really do anything to delay that to check what's being clicked though
heartburn: Elarcis: $dirty does the trick, but if i didn't change the value, the message doesn't show up on blur.
heartburn: wafflejock: yep, that's pretty close to what i'm doing.
heartburn: i'm not really liking it though.
None
wafflejock: heartburn, didn't seem to be working for me on that last plnkr still I did replace a ng-click with ng-mousedown on the nevermind button that does work but not regular behavior for a button
wafflejock: heartburn, really I try as much as I can to keep buttons from moving around cause of stuff like this and just feel it's annoying when a button moves on me :)
heartburn: wafflejock: nice stuff, didn't think about it. thank you man.
heartburn: however, it doesn't work when you use keyboard, like tabtabtab-space. :o(
heartburn: 					ng-mousedown='ttSignupFormSummary.onBack()'
heartburn: 					ng-click='ttSignupFormSummary.onBack()'
heartburn: still better than timeouts tho. :o)
anli_: I start wondering if it really is a good idea to create a one page site, controllers seems to be able to live without an application
anli_: Correct me if I am wrong
None
wafflejock: anli_, not sure what you're asking really?
anli_: Put an if in front of what I was saying :)
wafflejock: anli_, there needs to be at least one ng-app on the page with angular 1.x or else no part of the markup gets processed
anli_: What I think about is the advice to create a site using only one page, and what I wonder is if I really have to do that to be efficient
wafflejock: anli_, ah well Google itself is acting as a single page application, it is going to be more efficient than reloading resources even if they are cached in terms of CSS and scripts and anything that you have happening on DOM content ready to prepare things
anli_: I think more about structure than runtime efficiency. It is a big script monster if you put all script in one page
anli_: Maybe I should start using the term monster more than I am.
wafflejock: anli_, mmm well I sort of hear you but having everything bundled in one script and then minified from there and gzipped in one shot is going to be more efficient then having lots of little pieces that load as you're navigating between views or interacting with things
wafflejock: anli_, angular has it's own set of performance issues you will sometimes but up against but if you handle things properly it's not really executing a lot of code all the time it just has a fair amount in there for when it's needed
anli_: I am not very concerned about performance. As long as I use variables instead of functions for ng-show, I am set
heartburn: anli_: it really depends on the thing you're trying to build.
anli_: Also it seems like data could be used outside the scope by creating controllers separate from the application
anli_: sure
heartburn: there's no reason to do a spa blog, for instance.
jesusvinyl: Hi, I'm completely new in angular/js. I've installed bower and grunt, and have set up a ng-boilerplate application which i'm working from. I wanted to add a new dependency, ngmap, which I installed with bower. However, when my index.html is compiled, I get a 404 - ng-map.js not found
anli_: A spa blog sounds like a nice approach, but maybe not
wafflejock: anli_, well your data structures and all can stand alone and really ideal if they do I think
jesusvinyl: ngboilerplate is using % scripts.forEach( function ( file ) { %: to include all .js scripts. So it's actually compiled that into including my ng-map.js
heartburn: a little bit of abstraction is always a good idea.
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: hi, did you check there is a ngmap folder in your bower_components folder?
heartburn: just a little bit.
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: hm, what's that % syntax? is this a server-rendered HTML?
jesusvinyl: It's residing in app/vendor/ngmap/build/scripts/ng-map.js
jesusvinyl:     !-- compiled JavaScript --:% scripts.forEach( function ( file ) { %:     script type=&quot;text/javascript&quot; src=&quot;%= file %:&quot;:/script:% }); %:
jesusvinyl: This is straight from ngboilerplate index.html (out of the box)
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: I can't find out what ngboilerplate is, there are way too many projects/packages going by this name, do you have a link?
None
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: apparently you're not supposed to touch the index.html as it's automatically built
wafflejock: jesusvinyl, repository seems pretty old to be starting with right now
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: are you sure you did your 'bower install ngmap --save-dev' correctly?
Elarcis: wafflejock: holy shit I didn't even notice
Elarcis: 2 years o_o
wafflejock: yeah angular 1.2
wafflejock: was a different time
wafflejock: :)
jesusvinyl: I did a 'bower install ngmap -S'
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: yeah, should have worked
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: but as wafflejock points it out, this boilerplate project you're using is pretty ancient
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: although the JS world is evolving quickly, 2 years is a long time for any web library
jesusvinyl: Right, I see - A lot can change in between.
None
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: setups are a quite opinionated topic in JS
anli_: Can a controller specified by ng-controller be a javascript function outside the scope if the element is inside an application
Elarcis: jesusvinyl: and I reassure you: it's even trickier when you're a JS beginner :D
Elarcis: anli_: if it's outside the scope it can't be used, so I take it you mean 'in a higher scope' ?
jesusvinyl: I see, thanks. I've already developed a Java Spring backend with REST endpoints. Now i'd like to set up my frontend with Angular. Thus I found a project to start off with.
None
None
jesusvinyl: wafflejock: Great, thanks for the suggestion. I'll look into that.
None
wafflejock: no prob too
anli_: Does each controller has its own scope?
wafflejock: anli_, yeah in the regular case each time a controller instance is made a scope is made for it that inherits from whatever the parent scope is (utlimately from the $rootScope)
anli_: I think that pager code must be adjusted because I got the error &quot;ExampleController is not a function&quot;
anli_: I added a comment to that blog.
None
anli_: Ah, here we have the actual code that I need to copy, thanks
anli_: .controller('ExampleController', ExampleController) might do the difference
anli_: I added a link to it, I hope that page will not expire.
anli_: Thanks for the link
Elarcis: wafflejock: didn't know angular-seed, good to know next time I'm looking for a simple ES5 ng1 project :D
icebox: Elarcis: hey
Elarcis: hi icebox!
Elarcis: sorry I didn't see your message yesterday
icebox: Elarcis: well... no problem :)
icebox: Elarcis: when you are kidnapped by aliens, it happens :)
anli_: They could call it &quot;PagerController&quot; instead of &quot;ExampleController&quot; :)
wafflejock: anli_, yeah you'll find lots of cut corners in example blog things online
Elarcis: icebox: hard to hear people calling to me while being probed
wafflejock: Elarcis, yeah haven't used that one a ton myself since I had some sort of seed built for myself but heard good things and looks decent
anli_: Which variable is _?
wafflejock: anli_, might be refering to lodash you have a link to the line
anli_: Ah, ok
wafflejock: anli_, lodash and underscore use _.find and the _ in general and basically has a bunch of collection and object traversal or manipulation functions
anli_: Seems cool
wafflejock: yeah good insofar as utility libs go, I like that and moment.js for date stuff
anli_: lodash was a cool name also
anli_: &quot;low dash&quot; was funny wording
wafflejock: yeah a bit cryptic when you first see the _.something() but definitely keeps the keystrokes to a minimum :)
wafflejock: pretty sure lodash is a slimmed down version of underscore though
zomg: should make a lib called ld
zomg: which is slimmed down lodash
zomg: :P
anli_: so there was a underscore precursor?
icebox: zomg: j for jquery, a for angular, r for react and so on... no more letters, no more frameworks or lib :)
icebox: zomg: fragmentation resolved! :P
Rudde_: Hello!
Rudde_: Is there any way I can remove a value set in rootscope on the next user-navigation?
wafflejock: anli_, none I'm aware of no was just a lib written in regular ol JS to make some of those things easier, the browser Array has some more things now but the lib equalizes things for older browsers or differences
wafflejock: Rudde_, best to not put things on rootScope but which router are you using?
Rudde_: wafflejock: I use $stateParams to get URL params
wafflejock: Rudde_, so using ui-router, in that case can use the $rootScope.on(&quot;$stateChangeStart&quot;, function($rootScope){$rootScope.someVar = 'someVal';})
wafflejock: Rudde_, sorry take the $rootScope out as an arg that shouldn't be there
wafflejock: but there's a $stateChangeStart $stateChangeSuccess $stateChangeError events you can listen for
Rudde_: wafflejock: Hmm, so I set the rootscope on one page in one controller to display a statuschange message on another page, seems like this will delete it before it navigates away from this site
Rudde_: Even tho I put that in the controller I was navigated to
wafflejock: Rudde_, yeah that would just remove it from rootscope on any state change it wouldn't wipe out state params though or anything
Rudde_: how can I remove the value after I navigate away from the site I'm currently on?
wafflejock: Rudde_, well once the app stops running cause you hard refresh or go to another site then everything is reset
Rudde_: I don't hard refresh
wafflejock: think I don't know what you mean by &quot;navigate away from the site I'm currently on&quot;
Rudde_: I want to set a rootscope value on one site, send the user to a new one where I display the message in the rootscope value, and when the user move away from that site I want the value to be reset
None
wafflejock: when someone leaves your site though all the scopes are reset and all values are cleared from the memory
wafflejock: Rudde_, each time someone opens an angular site it runs through the angular bootstrap process where it makes the $rootScope and sets up the injector and runs the config and run blocks on the modules to get the providers setup, but that all happens anytime someone leaves/comes back
Elarcis: Rudde_: if you're coding communication between websites you need either a browser extension or a server
Elarcis: Rudde_: an app's JS is bound to the page currently shown. Changing the page loaded by the browser just resets the JS VM and everything that's coded inside, there's no way to circumvent it as it's a universal browser behavior.
icebox: Elarcis: pages vs. views
Elarcis: icebox: exactly
icebox: Rudde_: &quot;navigate away from the site I'm currently on&quot; is an antipattern in frontend dev
None
icebox: Rudde_: or using iframes to embed external contents
Rudde_: I understand
Rudde_: but I do not have the time to rewrite that in this project at this time
Rudde_: $scope.$on(&quot;$destroy&quot;, function () {         $rootScope.boxinfo = '';     })
Rudde_: In the controller I was moved to solved my solution for now
icebox: Rudde_: the point is we didn't understand what is your use case :)
Rudde_: Ah
icebox: Rudde_: that line of code doesn't mean anything... apart using root scope is bad practice :)
icebox: Rudde_: if you need to share data between components, you need to use services, not root scope
Rudde_: Yes, but the rootscope also did work
icebox: Rudde_: sure... good luck when you need to refactor it :)
Rudde_: We just have to show something today, and I had to jump in an already messy codebase.
angy: hi guys
angy: i have an issue with token expiry
angy: i got too many backend api calls , how do i handle refresh token and invoke the very same api which gives 401
angy: is there any better way than handling at every call , meaning can i have the handler at one place
wafflejock: angy, yeah check out httpinterceptors
wafflejock: angy, you can store whatever was going on with the request and if an error happens can either retry the request or save the info somewhere so you can deal with it after login or whatever the case may be
smiche: how would one go onto making a drag&amp;drop form generator? use $compile for the different form fields or ng-repeat them?
smiche: need to make the fields editable &amp; keep track of their order, name, options etc
anli_: Is there an event for when an element becomes visible due to ng-show?
wafflejock: smiche, it might be some combination of those things
wafflejock: anli_, no but the ng-show is typically bound to some property of the model you can watch for when that changes but usually in the code can also see when the prop is changed
anli_: Yeah, I wanted to do it declaratively
smiche: I also would need to export/import it to json so I guess with $compile it would be a bit harder?
wafflejock: smiche, there are drag and drop directives and projects out there you can start with that handle some of that but can also just make a data structure to store all the info about all the parts then write corresponding directive code that can process it properly
None
smiche: I sort of have the drag&amp;drop logic ready, just not sure what is the best way to create the fields to keep track of them
wafflejock: smiche, yeah personally did something like that and had JS objects that would each store the props and generate a little string of HTML that could be pushed through compile for it and just stored that
wafflejock: the stringified JSON I mean
wafflejock: but had to write some stuff to &quot;deserialize&quot; the objects since the function on them was specific to the type of thing (text, image, video)
smiche: I guess also keep an array for each field model? and increment/decrement that array when adding/removing?and when compiling the form field use the current index to bind it?
wafflejock: anli_, well saying anything that watches the value or takes an angular expression will see the change to the model the same as the ng-show so something that has an ng-model pointing at the value of interest that has an ng-change would see the ng-change fire as well
smiche: I guess I can also see how the form generators were made and use their logic too, although I'd guess there a bit more static in a sense
smiche: they're
wafflejock: smiche, personally I had a Collection type object defined that just had an array to store the objects in order, the html() function on that one was written to generate a table and each cell of the table would be using the html() call from the component which could be a Text or Image or Video type thing
wafflejock: smiche, so when I would do .stringify() on the outer most object it would be a collection possibly with nested collections and other objects but the whole thing stringifies (except the html() function itself so I had to store the &quot;type&quot; as a string for each thing to be able to restore them)
wafflejock: something like [{type:'text', contents:'Stuff someone typed'}, {type:'image', source:'someimage.png'}] gets stored (collection might have properties aside from the array)
wafflejock: but it's all in order since it's an array
star_prone: hi all
nikitabanthiya14: hii
None
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: this is not js channel :)
nikitabanthiya14: im doing it in angularjs so thought of asking it here
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: it's still JS ;)
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: nice try... still js
nikitabanthiya14: ok
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: and of course the question is missing an important detail: the code :)
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: otherwise I understand you are saying &quot;push&quot; is buggy
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox wait i will give the code
Elarcis: icebox, nikitabanthiya14: there is a 99% probability that he's trying to use push() on a JS object rather than an array
icebox: Elarcis: yep... or an uninitialized array :)
nikitabanthiya14: @elarcis correct
nikitabanthiya14: wait
invultri: Hello, can anyone point me to a way to run server side endpoints, using node, on the same port as that angular is doing its thing ?
icebox: invultri: angular is backend agnostic
invultri: icebox: yes, it also takes up a port. I could just launch a new node application on a new port but that will get kinda ugly
None
icebox: invultri: $http takes an url where you can specify a port
wafflejock: invultri, you can have a single backend router in node that handles both the API endpoints and the static files or could have a web server or the like sitting in between that properly redirects or passes the requests along
icebox: invultri: but that is http spec
invultri: wafflejock: thanks I will look into that backend router
icebox: wafflejock: ah that... they mean how to run api endpoints and static part :)
icebox: wafflejock: well... nodejs question :)
wafflejock: invultri, imagine apache and nginx and the like will do a better job in terms of performance to load the static bits since it can go straight from disk out to the network without much CPU interference from what I gather
wafflejock: invultri, but if it's not a performance bottleneck then can do it all in node for sure too
wafflejock: icebox, yeah
invultri: wafflejock: fair, but this is just a small application to pull some data from postgres and put it into a graph
wafflejock: invultri, yeah wouldn't worry about it much for something relatively small scale, not too bad to setup nginx or apache and a proxy for a given path that goes to node or whatever backend too but a little more work
wafflejock: invultri, check out pm2 as well if you haven't seen it or let me know if you find something better for wrapping up Node server code :)
invultri: I actually have nginx running on the raspberry, might just do that. Anyway the tldr; seems to be just use 2 different servers
icebox: invultri: generally speaking, something like app.use(express.static(routes.config.staticFiles)); ... app.use(apiUrl, routes.apis);
icebox: invultri: two different servers? nah :) static files, api endpoints, websockets... only one server :)
invultri: icebox: depends if your are talking about the physical box or the software :)
invultri: I can run N servers on a server.
invultri: anyway.. I think I can see this work. I got confused by the lite-server. After everything is transpiled(?) its just static resources.
Elarcis: having to write a JS function to convert JS code to a VSCode snippet...
Elarcis: so meta
icebox: invultri: here it is #angularjs... software :)
icebox: Elarcis: meta is meta is meta...
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: resolved?
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox no working
invultri: Stack trace:
invultri: (SystemJS) expected expression, got ']'
invultri: interesting ...
icebox: invultri: quite common :) when you try to parse html for js or js for html and so on...
wafflejock: invultri, might be something where the request is giving a response body with some unexpected syntax like &quot;[WARNING] pooped myself&quot; or something, have seen similar errors when HTML comes back in place of a JS request
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: &quot;no working&quot; means &quot;it works correctly&quot; or &quot;I am stuck&quot; :)
daedeloth: footer [backRoute]=&quot;{ 'route' : 'Chapters', { 'bookId' : book.id } }&quot;:/footer:
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox im stuck ...
daedeloth: I understand this is illegal :)
daedeloth: but is there a way I could do something like this?
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: if you don't provide us your code, it is hard to give you a concrete help
invultri: wafflejock: nope, I dun goof. used = instead of : when defining an array field.
invultri: not what the error stated but oh well ;)
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox ya .. im trying that only on fiddle .. but bug is coming  so checking that
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: well... three lines of code are enough to reproduce your use case... not the whole app :)
daedeloth: oh apparently it is legal if you write it correctly :)
icebox: daedeloth: maybe it is legal, but I would close you somewhere :)
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox ya right if iput that thre lines of code nothing works ..it connected code soo
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: I see
Elarcis: niki...ha he left
Elarcis: people seem to have a hard time just trimming down code to a specific problem
wafflejock: invultri, ah yeah I am constantly leaving off commas when I add new props to JS objects, still haven't gotten good at interpreting SystemJS errors though
wafflejock: Elarcis, yeah think if you didn't build the thing up from scratch or are just trying to share a sample the first time can be a bit confusing
wafflejock: Elarcis, like writing a directive it's a lot tougher the first time around I think
nadira7: any good tutorial to start with?
wafflejock: nadira7, angular 1 or 2?
None
nadira7: thanks man
nadira7: i'm just starting off
nadira7: i need something for creating simple MVC web apps
wafflejock: nadira7, yeah would go with angular 1.x for now 2.x isn't going to have as many libs available yet
wafflejock: nadira7, the egghead.io angular vids are pretty good for getting little pieces at a time but good to read the developer guide parts about angular bootstrap and directives and data binding to get the conceptual stuff
wafflejock: nadira7, also in the /topic here in chat there's a link to plnkr with angular setup so can share samples there to get help here more quickly
nadira7: really appreciated man
nadira7: lets start then :)
asdd: hi
asdd: hi testx
testx: wha?
testx: i have a td:span:{{n}}/span:i class=&quot;pullRight fa fa-pencil&quot;:/i:/td:
testx: when the pencil icon is clicked i need to replace the span with an input
asdd: ok
testx: whats the best way to do this? .outerHTML? ng-show?
asdd: ng-show
testx: the problem is i am using ng-repeat for the tr:
testx: so i need a flag for each tr
None
Elarcis: wafflejock: well here it's a one-liner issue on a JSON. just debug until your issue, note the value of the object you're manipulating, hardcode it in your example and do a .push() on your object
testx: do i need to create a dynamic array of flags one for each tr or something?
Elarcis: wafflejock: in other situations I agree that it might be complicated, but here it's simple as hell
icebox: testx: angular is model oriented, it is a MVC, and a lot less dom oriented... it would be better to design the app in terms of views (templates and routing) and  models.
Elarcis: testx: your link is broken
testx: really?
testx: there are 2 people here
None
Elarcis: testx: well I'm redirected to jsfiddle.net/# with nothing in it
Elarcis: testx: so I take it my proxy is being the usual shit it is
testx: icebox, what do you suggest in this situation
icebox: testx: what I said... define the components and the routing to navigate between the views
testx: icebox, well i don't want to do full blown angularjs for the entire app, its a lot of code thats going to have to change
icebox: testx: ok... use jquery :)
testx: just need to implement a edit function for this specific table
Pyrrhus666: icebox: that&acute;s evil ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: right tool for the right task
testx: i am not even using jquery
testx: actually can't use jquery
Pyrrhus666: testx: you could make your flag not be a boolean but an integer pointing to the record you want to edit...
icebox: testx: if you use angular as jquery, you are asking for troubles... sooner or later the technical debt will stop any refactoring attempt
testx: i am not sure what you mean by that? you mean don't use angularjs just for dynamic elements?
asdd: all I see is a blank page testx
icebox: testx: sure... views and routing
testx: yeah i am not sure what happened
testx: there was code there
testx: ctrl-z to the rescue, someone must have ctrl-x
testx: ed
icebox: testx: if you start to add flags to your templates, the state of the app is going to out of control quite quickly
asdd: what about the CSS part
asdd: it is missing
icebox: testx: as I said, feasible, but insane or at least bad practice... up to you :)
testx: ctrl-z that as well
asdd: ok
testx: icebox, well i can only change this one table
icebox: testx: I said that a million of times :)
testx: don't have control over the entire thing
icebox: testx: until the next request :)
None
None
yunus: btw check the console while moving mouse over there
Champion: hey
Champion: guys
Elarcis: yunus: 1
Elarcis: yunus: 1. you don't need $apply when using $rootScope events
yunus: but value doesn't change
Elarcis: yunus: 2. vm.onMouseMove isn't referenced anywhere
Elarcis: yunus: well it is referenced but you commented out the code running it
yunus: yes because i am using event
yunus: check 'test-directive-mouse-move' event
Pyrrhus666: testx: you don&acute;t really need the flag anymore. just set the rowid to -1 to &acute;close&acute;.
None
testx: Pyrrhus666, yeah
Elarcis: yunus: you asked why $apply() isn't ran. because it's not called, you commented out the code that runs the function that runs it
testx: now i need to update the text in the field and send a ajax request after your done editing
None
Elarcis: yunus: but turns out you /do/ need $apply(), because I didn't see you were using element.on
yunus: Elarcis: i am taking data from event and assigned to scope variable in event handler without $scope.$apply(); but i think angular should run $apply method automatically
Elarcis: yunus: no it doesn't. what triggered the event is not angular, but the DOM element, since you're using element.on()
Elarcis: yunus: therefore the whole thing happens outside of angular's digest loop so at one point you have to use $scope.$apply
Elarcis: yunus: but there is a ng-mousemove directive that you can use, just put in it the function you want to use and you stripped 50% of your code
yunus: Elarcis: thank you I understand. But I am still thinking angular should run automatically $scope.$apply() at the end of $scope.$on()
None
Elarcis: yunus: well between what you're thinking and what's actually relevant to do, there's a whole flock of experienced developers who made a technical and documented choice ;)
yunus: Elarcis: ok thank you so much :)
Elarcis: yunus: as a bonus I converted your main directive to a component, because it simplifies a lot
None
testx: or is there a better way to make editable fields in a table
yunus: Elarcis: yes i've seen
icebox: Elarcis: }).call(this); ?
Elarcis: icebox: I suppose it's yunus's way of coding IIFE
icebox: Elarcis: ah ok... I thought you added it
Elarcis: icebox: I haven't been using an IIFE in ages :D
icebox: Elarcis: yes, I know :)
Elarcis: icebox: STOP KNOWING EVERYTHING
icebox: Elarcis: ah sorry
yunus: Elarcis: why don't you use IIFE ?
Elarcis: yunus: I use an automatic module bundler that does it for me
None
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: and the fact that there's a big red error in your JSON doesn't bother you?
nikitabanthiya14: like  2 array is there injson i want to add multiple in type object
nikitabanthiya14: red error no
None
Snugglebash: Hi all. Does anyone know when using dialogs in angular material if it instantiates a new controller? I would like the dialog to use the already instantiated controller of the view.
None
Elarcis: Snugglebash: use services
wafflejock: Snugglebash, just put the shared part in a factory or service so you inject the same object in both controllers
Snugglebash: thanks Elarcis &amp; waffejock
None
AngularAlex: Hi QQ, what is the best way to maintain environment settings?
Elarcis: AngularAlex: what do you mean?
None
AngularAlex: icebox: Thanks!
None
icebox: xeeshan: the message should explain the issue
Elarcis: xeeshan: your controller isn't declared
Elarcis: xeeshan: or rather, it is not declared at the time it's being used
senayar: wrong version of angular maybe
senayar: :D
xeeshan: is there anyone who can give me example of getting data from spring rest api with angularjs ? if yes then please share me
senayar: it's like all API xeeshan
xeeshan: thank you
senayar: $http.get(endpoint).then....
None
Elarcis: only 2h left \o/
xeeshan: thank you @senayar
senayar: 2h before what Elarcis ? :)
Pyrrhus666: his PM jumps off a tall building ?
Elarcis: senayar: before I flip the table and go home
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: he's not THAT bad, he helped me prove that the expert's design was crap
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: ah, oops. I actually meant the expert, sorry :)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: nah, we're expecting some crucial work from him
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: and are you going to be the one to implement that crucial work ?
senayar: at least you can flip the table Elarcis :p mine is too heavy
None
wafflejock: senayar, task 1: build a table flipping robot (or exosuit)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: oh no, I'm going to use it
Elarcis: smiche: what's your code?
None
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: hopefully it will be better this time around :)
None
Elarcis: 'once and for all' [...] 'oh and by the way'
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: sounds familiar :)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: The storm had now definitely abated, and what thunder there was now grumbled over more distant hills, like a man saying 'And another thing...' twenty minutes after admitting he's lost the argument.
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: that&acute;s.... poetic :)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: that's Adams
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: hadn&acute;t recognized it, don
Pyrrhus666:  t know all his work by heart :)
smiche: wafflejock: I was doing something else wrong, ty for the plunkr
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: neither do I, I used Google XD
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: sneaky ;)
icebox: sneaky or naughty?
Pyrrhus666: icebox: whatever&acute;s your fetish ;)
icebox: :P
icebox: MV* !== *TY
icebox: Elarcis: so... it seems you improved your project situation in the last days after expert's storm :)
Elarcis: icebox: yeah, it's been kinda awkward but it works smoother now
None
LIERO: is there any reason the code in the &uml;else if&uml; or even the &uml;else&uml; doesn&acute;t ever execute?
LIERO: basically, the api either returns a string (the condition of the if statement..) or an empty object -: {}
bd-: first condition must always be true if the others aren't executing
bd-: or callback never gets called
bd-: or maybe it is working but you're using $scope.$apply wrong so it's not updating the dom correctly
Pyrrhus666: &acute;truthy&acute; in this case. which might be the problem ?
Elarcis: LIERO: if first condition doesn't crash, then the else if will never be true
LIERO: if the object is empty, it&acute;s still truthy?
LIERO: oh, wait
Elarcis: LIERO: your if() assumes that res already has keys, if results is undefined or is not an array, you JS code will throw an exception
bd-: yea, if it's wrapped in a try{} it'll fail and the else would never run
Elarcis: LIERO: if it throws an exception, the code stops there. if it doesn't, that means res.results is a non-empty array, etc.
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: that sounds highly plausible in this case.
None
Elarcis: LIERO: I recommend to sanitize your res object. check that it has a non-empty result array that has a non-empty alternatives array
Elarcis: icebox: didn't know it was called like that :D
bd-: empty object is true but it's not testing against empty object, so it's not that
bd-: i'll be doing if(undefined)
None
icebox: bd-: agreed... the point was... check that &quot;if&quot; :)
Elarcis: icebox: that's why I'd love to, but won't for this project, start using TS's --strictNullChecks
bd-: maybe just reorder it and swap the if and the elseif
icebox: Elarcis: sorry... &quot;I know&quot; :)
Elarcis: icebox: YOU.
LIERO: if I put &uml;Object.keys(res).length : 0&uml; as the initial if condition, still nothing executes after that
icebox: bd-: maybe using intermediate variables :)
icebox: LIERO: if you debug that code, you get the answer in seconds
Elarcis: ^
Elarcis: LIERO you can trust JS, it means that Object.keys(res).length is always more than 0
mariusz: How do I sort by multiple things in orderBy when one of them is in key:value format?
mariusz: orderBy: ['thing', key:value] doesn't work, orderBy: ['thing', {key: value}] doesn't either :(
None
icebox: mariusz: the tricky is before the orderby part :)
mariusz: `memory in memories | orderBy: ['!isDefault', {sortType:sortReverse}]`
mariusz: That's what I have ;)
mariusz: And that doesn't work :\
icebox: mariusz: no... read the post :)
Elarcis: buuurn
LIERO: Elarcis, it&acute;s not, it says it&acute;s 0
LIERO: also, works the same with if(typeof res.results[0].alternatives[0].transcript === &quot;string&quot;), which can&acute;t be true if &uml;res&uml; is an empty object
LIERO: also, on invalid input it doesn&acute;t execute the code in the initial if as well
Elarcis: LIERO: there's definitely an issue with your code, Object.keys() is native and cannot lie
LIERO: but then doesn&acute;t do anything if I only have an else (no else if)
LIERO: if I&acute;m getting an empty object that means the promise is returned for sure, right?
Elarcis: LIERO: you're in a promise chain?
LIERO: the callback*
Elarcis: LIERO... if you're using promise and not using any catch() block, your if just throws an exception that is swallowed by the promise chain
LIERO: I&acute;m not in a promise chain, my mistake
None
Elarcis: LIERO: guard your object's content, not with typeof
Elarcis: LIERO: this way you can debug more easily, and will have an easier time figuring out what's wrong
Elarcis: Guest32811: no
None
None
Elarcis: Guest32811: none, becasuse that's a link in the console
None
Elarcis: Guest32811: how comes you have calls made to errors.angularjs.org
Elarcis: Guest32811: you're not supposed to have those
None
Elarcis: Guest32811: so...you have calls to errors.angularjs.org. this is not normal
Elarcis: this is just a URL to which angular appends an error code in the console when an angular exception is thrown
Guest32811: No, the calls are in the angularjs source, not ours
Pyrrhus666: Guest32811: it&acute;s not a call, just a displayed link in the error.
None
Elarcis: Guest32811: please don't play the apprenti-sorcerer and leave the source alone if you don't understand it :)
None
Elarcis: Guest32811: angularjs is not making HTTP calls on your behalf
Elarcis: Guest32811: this is either caused by a generic routine in your app or the browser that analyzes urls by itself
Pyrrhus666: or because you click the damn link.
Acer: do you not need to call app.controller() to create a controller?
Guest32811: I'll look closer.  Thanks for the info.
Elarcis: Acer: you do
None
Elarcis: Acer: very old code
Elarcis: Acer: I suggest not following that tutorial
Acer: where can i learn angularjs?
None
Elarcis: Acer: v1.2.15 has been released 2.5 years ago
Elarcis: Guest32811: there is literally only one mention to that url in the source, and it's when building the error message. no calls.
None
Guest32811: Sorry for wasting your time. Cheers!
Elarcis: np
smiche: why are the angular2 directives like []? what's wrong with the ng1 way?
icebox: smiche: coherence between all use cases
smiche: in simpler english this means you wouldn't be confusing it with attributes like class, style?
None
Preuk: is it just me or does every business app specifications reach a critical point where it sums up do &quot;do excel&quot;?
icebox: smiche: you may give a look at &quot;Binding syntax: An overview&quot; section
Elarcis: Preuk: I've noticed that
icebox: Preuk: well... it has been always in that way
Elarcis: Preuk: my current project actually is to replace an excel shee
Elarcis: t
icebox: Preuk: also ten years ago :)
smiche: my boss said to make no integrations with excel because customers might just export and avoid using the tool :D
icebox: Preuk: indeed maybe I am the only one programmer in the Earth without any Excel knowledge
Preuk: smiche: we do excel in/out to avoid turning the app into a giant spreadsheet
vishal: how can calculate total in ng-repeat
smiche: what do you mean?
Preuk: use an accumulator?
icebox: vishal: google &quot;total in ng-repeat&quot;
icebox: vishal: there a re a few examples
None
icebox: Villae: mistell sorry
icebox: sigh... they are gone
smiche: hm this drag&amp;drop dynamic form generation isn't so painful to do :p
Preuk: icebox: &quot;No time to google or try to understand stuff. Don't bother me with explanations, just gimme the answer.&quot;
smiche: I would've gladly tried to give an answer though. Just didn't hang around long enough :D
Elarcis: icebox, Preuk, vishal: sigh
Pyrrhus666: Preuk: s/answer/code/gi
Preuk: Pyrrhus666: thanks :)
Pyrrhus666: np ;)
Elarcis: VSCode's monthly updates has become my little drug
Pyrrhus666: here&acute;s to hoping your &acute;fix&acute; lasts for the month then ;)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: heh?
angularjs200: Is this a platform for code support or is it about general discussions?
Elarcis: angularjs200: it's the angularjs channel, so anything related angular works
angularjs200: Alright well I'm stumped with a problem, I actually posted it in SOF. Is it customary to include a link to my question on there?
Preuk: Elarcis: ...unless it ends up with a lmgtfy link
angularjs200: lol no
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: &acute;fix&acute; as in &acute;hit&acute; as in you got your little drug and need to last the month ;)
angularjs200: If someone could take a link ;) Help is very appreciated
None
angularjs200: take a look*
rand0m: whoop whoop
rand0m: zomg you here mate
Elarcis: angularjs200: first, if you do massive calculation, you'd be better off using services because the controllers should be very light
Elarcis: angularjs200: second, the controller should indeed be destroyed/creaetd when changing the view
Elarcis: angularjs200: third, have you considered doing a reset() function to reinitialize your controller?
angularjs200: Haven't found anything online about a reset() function. Can you include a link to anything online explaining about it?
angularjs200: @Elarcis and the controller isn't reinitialized automatically upon refreshing, that's why I opened the Q
icebox: angularjs200: how do you know that?
icebox: angularjs200: did you check if it is the same instance?
angularjs200: icebox: When I move back and forth, the changes I've done before are saved. I want them discarded
angularjs200: icbox: If you go down to the &quot;Clarification Edit&quot; I described what happens in my view
Elarcis: angularjs200: that's not normal. refreshing the page resets the JS VM and starts the app's lifecycle over
icebox: angularjs200: that may be a bug in the logic of the app
None
angularjs200: Mmmh.. That's weird, I thought thats the normal cycle. Alright one moment
icebox: angularjs200: that is the correct behaviour
Elarcis: angularjs200: when you go back and forth, can you tell if the app catched these history changes and just restored the view?
icebox: angularjs200: very similar to your use case
rand0m: angularjs200, you could use on exit and reset the parameter??
None
rand0m: like this ? ^
angularjs200: Elarcis: The app recognizes moving from one controller to another. Each view is controlled by it's own controller. But moving from one tab to another doesn't delete the previously initiated instance of that controller
icebox: rand0m: don't overengineering something it should work out of sheel :)
icebox: *shell
rand0m: ::
Elarcis: angularjs200: ah that's a tabed view? do you have some code to show how your tab work?
rand0m: hay icebawks
Elarcis: iceboxe
angularjs200: Elarcis: I'll edit the question in stack overflow in a few moments with a few code snippets and will let you know on here once I'm done
icebox: angularjs200: plunker is better
Elarcis: k
Elarcis: angularjs200: please mind that I'm off to home in 10 minutes
Elarcis: designing a recursive system
rand0m: anyways, can some one tell me how to setup mocha or any testing framework to go with my app?
Elarcis: it's like designing a recursive system, but more complex
icebox: Elarcis: if it is a tail recursive, you can use a loop :)
rand0m: I have a factory I need to test
Elarcis: icebox: I still haven't grasped that tail recursivity concept
icebox: Elarcis: well... when the call it is done at the end of the process :)
None
rand0m: but how do I set it up??
icebox: rand0m: set it up what?
icebox: rand0m: there is an example in the docs
None
rand0m: maybe this ^
angularjs200: Elarcis: Haha okay well I have to add code anyway there currently seems to be no response
rand0m: will check it out
zomg: rand0m: sup?
rand0m: ello
rand0m: was askin aroun for settin up test framwork
zomg: oh?
angularjs200: Actually for the people that tried to help, I thought of some sort of solution. Right before redirection I will call a function that will clear all $scope and js variables
rand0m: looks like this is going to be a PITA
angularjs200: lol whats PITA
rand0m: pain in the arse
angularjs200: definitely
blizzard: I've run myself to the ground trying to write a test case FFS
blizzard: I cannot get the test result to pass I'm using a very basic implementation to understand testing deeper.
blizzard: I have a factory which returns a promise, accessed from my controller as follows, I want to test that the call succeeds and assigns the response to the repos var.
zomg: rand0m: if you have any specific questions about that test fw thing do share :)
None
rand0m: zomg, hang on
zomg: blizzard: lessee
None
blizzard: zomg: Thanks!
rand0m: I plan to just test githubfactory.searchrepository function
rand0m: which is defined in githubfactory.js
rand0m: I've only done service layer testing ever
rand0m: using mocha and socketio
rand0m: I've tried doing the same here, but realised I dont need socket io, but  node http
zomg: blizzard: if you want to check that the result from the promise is assigned into scope, then you'd probably want your stub to return a promise which resolves to some value
zomg: blizzard: right now, your code is just returning a promise which doesn't get resolved, so the code would never run
rand0m: then i tried importing angular which spew errors, which I managed to fix
Elarcis: icebox: ok I get it. tail call is calling a stateless function at the end of another
rand0m: now Im lost as I dont know how to get my factory referenced in mocha
rand0m: icebox here suggested a link which says i should use jasmine
rand0m: or karma
icebox: rand0m: no
rand0m: no? :O
zomg: angular testing is such a mess tbh :)
rand0m: the site says karma blahblah karma
zomg: it's so much easier to test all of it if you jump a few hoops and use commonjs modules
blizzard: @zomg: so I should use one of those mock values? Where you assign a value using the $httpbackend?
zomg: blizzard: no you don't need that, you can just do it from your service's stub
icebox: rand0m: I didn't suggest anything... I pointed out a doc link showing how to test a service... or a link how to create a setup with karma
blizzard: Cannot agree more, I've spent the past couple of days trying to get this thing out of the way.
rand0m: yes yes, you're right;
zomg: blizzard: the searchServ.fetch function can just return a promise which is already resolved :)
rand0m: I take thinks here as suggestions :D
rand0m: things*
blizzard: I feel I've read way too much about jasmine from different sources and now the more I read the more frustrating it gets! :S haha
zomg: blizzard: iirc, something like and.returnValue($q.resolve(whatever goes here)) should work
zomg: the problem isn't really with jasmine or the tools per se, it's just that angular's own module system makes it hard
zomg: you have to deal with all these weird ways to inject shit to get your tests working
zomg: if you use commonjs modules, you can avoid dealing with angular's own DI nonsense in tests which makes it a lot easier
angrybacon: In what case would I want to use ngSwitch over ngIf?
zomg: (but it can otherwise be a little bit more complex to set things up, but in my opinion worth it)
blizzard: Yeah that's what, jasmine the angular way is like learning a whole new framework
angrybacon: I gather they both replace things in the DOM
angrybacon: (as opposed to ngHide/Show)
edrocks: is anyone using ui-router with a hybrid ng1/2 app?
zomg: I've been meaning to collect some testing resources for angular on my site
zomg: since it seems a lot of people ask about it
zomg: (or write some if no good ones exist)
zomg: but busy busy busy :)
icebox: rand0m: docs are a fact, not a suggestion :)
angrybacon: But I fail to see a valid use of ngSwitch other than not having to write the condition twice
icebox: zomg: can we add them to ngirc? :)
CVO: Hi! I'm using angular (not angular2) with requirejs and it sems so complicated. Is preferable to use angular.js, another dependency framework or simply angularjs?
zomg: icebox: sure, I'll let you know once I write / find some
icebox: zomg: thanks :)
zomg: CVO: requirejs in general is on its way out, commonjs would probably be preferable
zomg: (or ES6 modules)
blizzard: That would be a great idea zomg, I can't find one example where this very common test case is clearly solved.
icebox: CVO: very opinionated topic... webpack, jspm, systemjs and so on... however requirejs doesn't suit very well with angular
zomg: rand0m: I looked at your thing, I'm not entirely sure how you'd set that up tbh. I think you need to use the inject thing which is in angular's testing helpers
blizzard: It always fails when I try it haha
icebox: CVO: or you can create a dist file, using a build workflow
None
zomg: (that's something I wrote)
icebox: off... bye
CVO: so it will be more complicated to use, for example webpack, angularjs without it or going to angular2? (sorry for my bad english)
icebox: CVO: what is your use case? learning angular 1?
CVO: is for an job app about audits
CVO: With a php server
None
jesusvinyl: Any clue on what I'm missing?
blizzard: Zomg: Will def have a look once I'm done with this one! : D
blizzard: Big ups for being an author on sitepoint too!
None
rand0m: jesusvinyl, angular.module('myApp.map', ['ngRoute', 'ngResource']).factory('eventService', ['$resource', function($resource){ return { getAllEvents : function(){} }; }])
rand0m: try that?
rand0m: I just removed factory = {} because its easy to paste here
zomg: blizzard: heh :) yeah they keep asking me to write more for them for some reason!
rand0m: and injected $resource to factory
blizzard: That's awesome! Do you also maintain a personal blog?
blizzard: Interested to know how you got into it, I think it's a great thing cos it really forces to understand concepts you're going to write about!
None
zomg: and yeah totally agree, it's one thing to be able to write code, it's another thing being able to explain it to someone :)
zomg: I've been writing for over 10 years now, more or less actively... kinda just got started by writing random ideas I had and such and it went from there
blizzard: Totally agree and I think the articles do seem from a pretty seasoned writer so fair play! :D
blizzard: I wrote a few but I think writing on your own blog in today's age is like going to fish in the dead sea
blizzard: Maybe a lot easier to get engagement a few years ag
zomg: yeah
zomg: it's partially why I write for sitepoint... I usually have a link back to my site in the end which drives people there to sign up for my mailing list :)
zomg: (plus sitepoint pays for articles which is certainly an added benefit)
roadrunneratwast: hi all.  can i please get some advice on my code?  I am using $rootscope.broadcast to return data from the service to the controller and I feel like this is a Bad Practice.  Maybe I need to use Promises better?  Or maybe I am supposed to put a $scope.watch somewhere?  My code is written in rudimentary Typescript but is Angular 1.x.  The paste bin is here:
None
blizzard: Yeah sitepoint also sets you apart as an expert and I'm sure is a great way to pull in some extra doe while freelancing
jesusvinyl: rand0m: Thanks a lot. I'm now able to get a response.
rand0m: np
zomg: roadrunneratwast: yeah that definitely seems a bit dodgy as a practice :)
None
ashka: hi, I'm having an issue where the |date pipe is unreliable, sometimes it will throw an exception in the lines of &quot;Invalid argument '2016-10-21T00:00:00+0200' for pipe 't'&quot; (this is compiled code)
zomg: roadrunneratwast: and yes, returning a promise would be a good idea in this type of code since it's already using promises
roadrunneratwast: ok
ashka: using @angular/core at 2 dot 0.2
zomg: blizzard: did you try using andReturns($q.resolve('foo')) ? tbh not sure of that since I usually use sinon for stubs and not jasmine
zomg: ashka: I'm fairly sure the date filter requires the value to be a date object for it to work correctly
blizzard: I have tried using something but I think I'm not making any progress I can write tests for something exclusive to the controller but not this
blizzard: I'm just lost at this point
ashka: zomg: it works most of the time with a string, it's really different depending on which device I test my code
zomg: ashka: it would probably work more reliably with a date object :)
zomg: (iirc)
ashka: zomg: I'll try it, thanks
ashka: zomg: must be related to the underlying browser, apparently &quot;2016-10-21T00:00:00+0200&quot; is not valid for new Date()
Preuk: ashka: my guess is that timezone is not managed by JS date
Praveen: i have a small doubt
Praveen: i have created a date format for one week dates
Praveen: but code is very lengthy
Praveen: can you please make it short
None
Praveen: here is the jsfiddle
Praveen: please sir some one help me
blizzard: Anybody who knows jasmine and can help me out in writing this test case?
None
Preuk: Praveen: ever considered using moment.js?
Praveen: no plugins
Preuk: Praveen: no luck :/
Praveen: that is why i already did something in that fiddle but it is like fresher
Praveen: or learner program it should be smart and short
Praveen: preuk:
bd-: wtf did they change (submit) to (ngSubmit)
bd-: and anyone care to explain why it's (ngSubmit) but (click) instead of (ngClick) ?
Praveen: no one there
None
angrybacon: When I have dynamically loaded content, the layout is &quot;jumps&quot; as much as new content is loaded in the DOM. I don't mean nodes, I mean actual content.
angrybacon: For instance {{ data.text }} will have no content and take no space. While {{ data.text || 'NA' }} will counter that
kamo: upgrading to Angular JS 2.0
angrybacon: What if I want something like {{ data.text || ' ' }}? Which doesn't work obviously
kamo: Is there any good guides for this?
anotheryou: hi, I found some code with select=&quot;fuction()&quot; as an html attribute, what does select do? Or is this something custom?
zomg: angrybacon: why would that not work if 'NA' works?
angrybacon: zomg ' ' isn't rendered at all
angrybacon: Oh
angrybacon: '&amp;nbsp;' might be
zomg: ah right.. it might not though because of html escaping :)
angrybacon: Yeah that works
zomg: oh, good then I guess :D
angrybacon: Thanks for giving the direction :-)
anotheryou: found it, no angular, thinks anyways :)
anotheryou: thanks
bd-: ok i'm thinking ngSubmit doesn't do what it says it does in the doc
angularjs867: hi
jeffmcnd: I've got a service grabbing data off from a server but the controller/view won't update until I interact with the UI via something like a button.
jeffmcnd: My question is, how do I load data on a page load from a service without needing to click something?
zomg: jeffmcnd: that sounds like an issue with the digest loop
zomg: basically if your code runs &quot;outside&quot; of angular, ie. let's say you have a traditional XMLHttpRequest
zomg: then you need to tell angular to update itself when the data comes in, or otherwise you'll see exactly this kind of behavior where nothing updates until something else triggers an update (such as user interaction with something that is &quot;inside&quot; angular)
jeffmcnd: zomg: I'm not sure what you mean by 'outside' of angular. Everything is inside a controller and service.
jeffmcnd: Let me get you a pastebin.
None
zomg: jeffmcnd: inside/outside basically means within the digest cycle in angular
zomg: the digest loop is what triggers updates in the ui, etc.
zomg: so in this case, it would seem like the Parse.Query thing isn't triggering a digest loop
jeffmcnd: OK
zomg: I would suggest injecting $rootScope into your service
zomg: and then, in your success function, wrap the contents in $rootScope.$apply(function() { code goes here })
None
jeffmcnd: Makes sense. I'll give it a read. Thanks, zomg !
jeffmcnd: zomg: Like a charm. Thanks again.
zomg: np
moldy: hi
Germanaz0: Hello everybody, I have an ngIf that toggles an element the code is very basic (click)=&quot;showThis=!showThis&quot; and on element div *ngIf=&quot;showThis&quot; ... my question is, is there anything I can do with CSS transitions in there to apply some animations ?
Guest17948: Hi, can anyone help, I have an angular app and I'm using the Facebook JS sdk, I'm loading a social plugin in a directive, and subscribing to an
Guest17948: event
Guest17948: Hi, can anyone help, I have an angular app and I'm using the Facebook JS sdk, I'm loading a social plugin in a directive, and subscribing to an event through a service, while my directive exists in the dom, the event subscription works fine, but if I trigger the event and then remove the directive with the plugin from the dom , the service never recieves the notification
Guest17948: seems like removing the plugin from the dom cancels any callbacks that would have been triggered by it.
rand0m: f this
rand0m: been trying for hours to set up karma and jasmine
rand0m: i GIVE UP
captn_hook: Question about modifying the DOM. I've been tasked with porting a site to angular2. The site has several pages right now, some of which have a body bg-color of black, and others with the body bg-color set to white. There's no way for components to edit the body styles. So my question is, should I load in DOCUMENT and change the body color that way? Or should I include the html and body tags in my components template
captn_hook: Which would therefore give my component css and body tag to match on
jrozner: what is the difference between '?ngModel' and 'ngModel' in a directive as the 'require' value?
fredalsa: hello
fredalsa: hello
zomg: jrozner: ? makes it optional
angrybacon: jrozner It will still be executed even when no ngModel controller is found
jrozner: ah, thanks
angrybacon: Will trigger an error otherwise
fredalsa: i need that somebody recommend me some frameworks about components to work on angularj2
zomg: fredalsa: there isn't that much existing libs that are compatible with ng2 at this time
fredalsa: ok, thanks
captn_hook: If my component selector is app-dashboard, shouldn't I be able to include a style with the selector app-dashboard to change the background-color?
captn_hook: The view encapsulation is giving the style a separate id than the component
jrozner: I'm running into this weird situation where a select element is selecting a value, updating the model but the selected item in the select element doesn't update until the second time I select something
jrozner: I can verify the model is being updated the first time and has the correct value by setting a breakpoint and looking at the value
None
ries: I render a number of buckets, where each bucket is a table with a variable number of columns and rows.
ries: Rendering is terrebly slow (seconds) for 300 products&hellip; is there a way to speed this up?
jrozner: [
ries: jrozner: are you using one time binding?
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 9bda994 Martin Staffa: fix(input[radio]): use non-strict comparison for checkedness...
captn_hook: If my component selector is app-dashboard, shouldn't I be able to include a style with the selector app-dashboard to change the background-color?
captn_hook: The view encapsulation is giving the style a separate id than the component
rand0m: hey zomg  you still around
rand0m: I've managed to get the code running :D
zomg: oh :)
rand0m: the configuration is pita
jrozner: I'm running into this weird situation where a select element is selecting a value, updating the model but the selected item in the select element doesn't update until the second time I select something
None
rand0m: I only get Chrome 53.0.2785 (Linux 0.0.0): Executed 1 of 1 SUCCESS (0.088 secs / 0.073 secs)
rand0m: and the chrome popup opens.. not sure why?
None
jrozner: rand0m: ya, mine is pretty similar. Inspecting the DOM I even see the option getting the &quot;selected&quot; attribute but the value in label in the select doesn't change until the second click
rand0m: I have the same issue :P
rand0m: I've read online that setting ng-model will fix it
rand0m: I don't have the data in hand in my app, so I can't fix it
Sujit: Hi I want to learn angular 1 properly ..for converting html to angular ...how to show sidebar based on pages
zomg: rand0m: yeah if you run it with karma then it would pop up a chrome window I think
rand0m: what's the point :/ ?
jrozner: rand0m: another odd thing I've noticed is that adding track by and tracking by the value that is in the model makes it stop working
jrozner: that shouldn't happen, right?
rand0m: no
rand0m: it works for me no?
jrozner: ya
jrozner:             select id=&quot;api_key&quot; class=&quot;basic_select last&quot; required ng-model=&quot;options.api_key&quot; ng-options=&quot;apiKey.access_key as apiKey.access_key for apiKey in apiKeys&quot; bs-tooltip data-placement=&quot;top&quot; title=&quot;Select an API key&quot;:
jrozner: that's my select and if I change it to this:
bezveze: should i learn angular 2?
jrozner:             select id=&quot;api_key&quot; class=&quot;basic_select last&quot; required ng-model=&quot;options.api_key&quot; ng-options=&quot;apiKey.access_key as apiKey.access_key for apiKey in apiKeys track by apiKey.access_key&quot; bs-tooltip data-placement=&quot;top&quot; title=&quot;Select an API key&quot;:
rand0m: idk man :(
rand0m: let me know if you know the answer
jrozner: it just stops selecting all together but the model updates correctly
jrozner: I'm running a really old version of angular, wonder if it's a bug in the data binding?
rand0m: im on 1.5
rand0m: sujit www.codeschool.com
jrozner: I'm on 1.2.28
rand0m: :o
rand0m: its 2.1 now :P
rand0m: I think
jrozner: IE8 compatability was a thing and when it became not one the guy who was working on this never updated
jrozner: this app has been neglected for 6-8 months and I just inherited it :(
rand0m: aw i hate that
zomg: rand0m: well, karma uses chrome to run the tests, so that probably causes the window to show up
rand0m: cleaning up others shit
rand0m: makes sense zomg
zomg: you can have it run tests in phantomjs too I think which would prevent that from happening
rand0m: I remember seeing some test suites which displayed information on browser window
zomg: but phantom may not do things exactly one to one with it
rand0m: mine does not show anything
zomg: ah, yeah if you do a plain mocha or jasmine browser based test suite, then you can get a page like that
jrozner: rand0m: ya...I also haven't done significant frontend work or written JavaScript since 2013
zomg: in that case you basically just run the tests by reloading that page
rand0m: brb
jeffmcnd: zomg: Turns out Parse promises doesn't screw up the digest cycle. However, as soon as I try to run a forEach on the returned data to populate my variable, I have to call $apply(). Do you know why that is?
jeffmcnd: Nevermind. They still do.
phloopy: I'm experiencing a weird interaction between ng-repeat and ng-bind-html. If I put the ng-bind-html on the same div as the ng-repeat it works. If I put the ng-bind-html on a child div inside the ng-repeat's div, it doesn't work. However, if I put the same expression inside a {{}} it spits out the HTML, so the expression is apparently still within scope. What might ng-repeat (or I) be doing that makes it work on the same element but
wafflejock: phloopy, can you make a plnkr sample showing the problem
rand0m: hay wafflejock
jit: hello
jit: hii
wafflejock: hi rand0m hey jit
monk12: hey all, just curious. my angular app is deployed to mydomain.com/clientapp so i set the base path base href=&quot;/clientapp/&quot; /: so all router paths work correctly....
jit: hi
jrozner: rand0m: fixed it by setting a real default value for the model. Not sure why it wasn't working when one wasn't set
monk12: whoops got kicked off... had 1 line of code wanted to enter:... rootScope.imageLocations = ['../images/checkbox-validate-on.png']; preloader.preloadImages( rootScope.imageLocations );
jrozner: especially since I it works in other places where no default value is set and my ng-options expression is essentially identical
rand0m: how?
None
monk12: is there a way a dynamic image set via angular/JS uses a relative path (relative to index.html or from the JS controller file)?
jrozner: rand0m: what do you mean how?
rand0m: sorry I didn't see your comment
rand0m: whats a real default value?
rand0m: can you update a plnk?
None
jrozner: rand0m: the values for the ng-options comes from an ajax call to our api. In the success callback I just set the model to be the first one in the array
jrozner: there's nothing to update in the plnk however because the code is essentially the same as what's there. I'm not sure why it didn't originally work but when it has an actual value it's happy
jrozner: but other places in my code where no value is set for the model the same type of expression works fine
celuidufond: Hi,
celuidufond: I'm looking for an example of dynamic form using date.
celuidufond: Thanks
wafflejock: monk12, usually using ng-src with img tag for dynamic images but haven't used that preloader
wafflejock: monk12, basically relative paths are relative to the index.html or the base href if specified
monk12: gotcha, even if the image is created dynamically via JS (and not added to the page/DOM i think)? i think this is what that plugin does: angular.element( new Image() ).attr( 'src', imageLocation )
monk12: wafflejock: problem with ng-src is that i can use it but its dynamically added, so a dynamic image its still not preloaded (could theoretically load it at the controller.js file level or 'resolve:' level in app.js)
monk12: hoping to use that plugin, but kinda confused how relative paths work when a dynamic image is just created in a JS file (and *i think* not added to the DOM)
None
monk12: awesome thanks wafflejock
