Germanaz0: I am looking for a good example using angular2 and oauth2, thanks
gianotto: i removed the # from my angular URLs and i am facing issues with my ng-route, my url localhost:8080/pages/index.html is not being picked by my when(&lsquo;/&lsquo;) anymore because before with the # it was picking localhost:8080/pages/index.html#/
gianotto: can somebody help me?
wafflejock: gianotto, to get rid of the # you'll need a server side redirect setup so any requests that should be handled by the client side routing get redirected to the index.html
gianotto: @wafflejock can we have a quickly private chat ?
KermitoniT: Hi, I'm not sure if this is TypeScript specific or not, but I have a Component taking an Input, it sends the Input over as a JSObject but I want to typecast it to an Object I have created called Order... So I can access certain functions I have on that Object... I have tried everything... How can I case the @Input to a type?
Stone: dỉ
Stone: dir
MrDrWho: Hello hello
MrDrWho: Is anyone alive in here?
Me4502: What would be the most 'angularjs' way of having a table with input boxes, where you can press a button to add another row
None
None
laxman: how $http service work in angular JS
laxman: help
laxman: please
laxman: Hi xall, could you please help me on $http service
asad_: i want to ask one thing
asad_: ??
Elarcis: finally managed to do a few angular 2 tutorial yesterday
Elarcis: this was enjoyable!
yew: Elarcis, same here!
rahulvivek123: Yes am also started learning angular 2
yew: Did you do the one from the angular2 docs? Tour of heroes
rahulvivek123: I am reading docs
rahulvivek123: Not started doing yet
yew: It gives a good overview
Elarcis: yew: I did it 'a long time ago', now I'm just reading ng-book 2.
yew: Elarcis: Which book? Can you link?
rahulvivek123: Oh, its paid?
None
None
Me4502: So I have a table called 'packages', it basically has 4 input tags where you can set weight, length, width and height. I have a button that adds a new row to the internal arrays, but they're just the actual numbers, not the input: things. Can I still have it mapped so making changes changes the array whilst having it an input?
Me4502: Basically question is, can I use ng-model to map to an array with a table
Me4502: With the table being changable
Elarcis: Me4502: ng-model=&quot;myTable[index]&quot;
Me4502: Wait, so i could do that for each input?
Me4502: Perfect, thanks
Elarcis: Me4502: although if you use ng-repeat=&quot;for item in list&quot;, you can just do ng-model=&quot;item&quot;
Me4502: Yeah, or in this case, item.width, etc
Me4502: thanks
Elarcis: Me4502: yeah that also works
Me4502: thanks
Me4502: that's simpler than I thought it'd be :P
bips: ho
bips: hi
rahulvivek123: Hi
Elarcis: what syntax do you prefer? [...array1, ...array2, ...array3], or array1.concat(array2, array3)?
Elarcis: hi!
Elarcis: Me4502: angular often has a lot of simple and neat features, but that aren't obvious at first sight, so newcomers often miss them
Me4502: yeah
yew: [...arr1, ...arr2, ...]
zomg: Elarcis: ...foo probably makes sense, concat is more useful when you need to do it programmatically
Elarcis: zomg: eeeh, I find concat() to be noticeably shorter, and it can indeed be used with an indefinite number of arrays
Elarcis: zomg: even if when you start spreading an array in a function that spreads arrays, your code is probably a pain to read
zomg: true
zomg: I think for one spread it's ok
zomg: but then if you have more, concat is probably cleaner
bips: hi
bips: i will face the problem
bips: Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. Origin
None
Me4502: Anyone here familiar with Angular Material? I'm having an issue where my footer or sidenav don't actually go to the bottom when I'm using a form: on the page
None
None
bips: anyone  can help me  Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. Origin
icebox: Elarcis: hey
None
None
beat25: Hi guys,
None
Elarcis: beat25: in the Hero class
nindustries: Hi, so a developer is telling me he needs to access a Cookie with angularJS to do csrf protection. Is this true?
Elarcis: beat25: your Hero should know its own logic, and the heroService should only be made to host Hero management logic and call Hero's public logic
Elarcis: nindustries: not that I heard of, I'm no expert on CSRF though
beat25: Elarcis: Ok, that's what my instincts told me too. But then i started running into issues where i need to create new Hero(args). but the Hero class also needs DI. It needs the Http class and then it started getting hairy because i need to make a new Hero with parameters but also pass the http class along with it every time i create a new hero.
None
nindustries: Ah, yes, that's it
beat25: i guess i can make a function in the hero service that creates a new hero and passes in the http class... basically a factory.
tmuwa: Good morning!
Elarcis: beat25: that would be a heroService responsibility, indeed
beat25: tmuwa: morning? where you from :)
tmuwa: Germany
beat25: moinsen
tmuwa: moin! ;)
beat25: Elarcis: alright, thanks. I really appreciate your help!!
Elarcis: beat25: you might want to read about MVW designs
Elarcis: people who call you on the phone and make it ring up to two minutes thinking you'll end up picking it up
Elarcis: no, I just want to hang up on you
icebox: Elarcis: I have a rule when calling: only three rings... if no answer, I hang up
tmuwa: Anyone here who has implemented a user authentication system for an angular2 app? At the moment I am looking at angular2-jwt. But I do not know if that is an appropiate way.
icebox: Elarcis: when there are endless rings, I am quite rude when I answer.... sorry :)
beat25: tmuwa: i'm using fb login :/
Elarcis: icebox: me too. I usually last four though :D
icebox: Elarcis: sorry... &quot;I know&quot; :)
Elarcis: tmuwa: JWT is only a way to convey identity. the authentication process can vary
Elarcis: icebox: I WILL TURN YOUR TOES INTO BABY SAUSAGES ONE DAY
icebox: Elarcis: :P
antiPoP: hi, I'm getting this error: &quot;(index):48 Error: (SystemJS) Unexpected token  in JSON at position 0&quot; any idea?
Preuk: antiPoP: you're getting HTML instead of JSON maybe?
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: my guess : there&acute;s a doctype in your output.
antiPoP: Preuk, the app doe s not even load on the browser
Preuk: like a custom server error message
antiPoP: and te server only outputs json
Preuk: have you checkd HTTP response headers?
antiPoP: I think is this: [pos]=&quot;0&quot;
antiPoP: how do I pass a value in a template?
None
rand0m: morning all :)
antiPoP: icebox, so you have to pass values without binding, right : pos=&quot;0&quot;
icebox: antiPoP: try it :)
antiPoP: icebox, tried and worked, just was wondering if it's the proper way, it makes sense
Bish: how would i address a single object with restangular?
Bish: like /api/currentUser
Bish: restangular always wants me to /api/currentUser/id, because it always thinkgs currentUser is a collection
faraz: HELP
Pyrrhus666: PLEASE STATE THE NATURE OF YOUR MEDICAL EMERGENCY
faraz: we are facing issues with apache 2 server and angular 2
baako: Hi gusy anyone used ionic with angular 1 before to do some type of authentication?
rand0m: THE WORLD IS ON FIRE#
rand0m: hey Pyrrhus666
faraz: how to run angular 2 application with apache
rand0m: baako and antiPoP  icebox
antiPoP: rand0m  WHAT
rand0m: hello :)
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: record? :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: looks like it. disconnected even though they got response(s) :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: help -: urgent help (because the request was in uppercase)  -: repeat the request -: quit :) nice workflow
Bish: icebox: not really, i want to address something without an id
Pyrrhus666: icebox: --: profit ?
Bish: because there is only one per user
Bish: like /api/sessionInfo
Bish: and restangular doesn't let me request that without id
rand0m: hey Bish
rand0m: Pyrrhus666, can you tell me what I'm doing wrong here
None
Bish: hi rand0m
rand0m: i'm expected to get an array of items in chart data
icebox: rand0m: chartData={}... chartData.push...
rand0m: but I get only 1
rand0m: yeh my bad
rand0m: i changed it to []
rand0m: still I get 1 item
rand0m: let me put this in my code
icebox: Bish: basically do you mean how to get something with restangular without an id?
Bish: yes
Bish: like a resource without an collection
Bish: but the path is well known
icebox: Bish: .all?
icebox: Bish: the point is... does restangular api allow it?
icebox: Bish: I think restangular always returns a collection
Bish: bleh
icebox: Bish: but I may be wrong here... usually I have been using the plain $http
Bish: but what if you have /api/user how do you address that
Me4502: I asked about this issue earlier, but no one was here who knew, so I'm asking again now.
Me4502: Anyone here familiar with Angular Material? I'm having an issue where my footer or sidenav don't actually go to the bottom when I'm using a form: on the page
None
None
icebox: Me4502: without a codepen reproducing it, it is very hard to give a concrete help giving a look only at the markup code
Me4502: The main issue with using a small thing like that, is that it's the kind of issue that requires the full setup
icebox: Me4502: well.. you need a sidenav, a footer, and a form in the main content
icebox: Me4502: here you have an example with sidenav and the main content.. you may add the footer and form in the main content
None
icebox: Me4502: until you don't reproduce your issue, you cannot open an official issue (if it is a bug) and barely someone can help you :)
Me4502: well I don't think it's a bug
Me4502: but okay, I'll make a mini setup for it
icebox: Me4502: so I understand you are looking an example for a &quot;sticky footer&quot;
Me4502: well it's already sticky
Me4502: Just not if a form: is used
icebox: Me4502: visually your quote.html should not break anything... :) (visually it seems ok)
rand0m: hmmm
Sindhu_: Hi, I need some help. Is it possible restrict an application not to open on IE ?
icebox: Sindhu_: no
Sindhu_: Most of the features are breaking on IE. Different features are breaking in different versions.
Sindhu_: What would be the possible solution
icebox: Sindhu_: fix the issues of the app, create a cross browser app
antiPoP: what does this syntax mean: &quot;  ...HomeRoutes&quot; ?
None
Sindhu_: I got requirement saying 'sorry we are not supported in IE' when someone opens our site in IE.Thats not possible right ?
Sindhu_: Yeah , i read that. IE 8 and IE 9 faces has different issues. I am checking one by one
icebox: Sindhu_: sure... you can do it... but you cannot avoid the users use IE
icebox: Sindhu_: if it is an internal web app, that requirement is feasible because you can lock the users box, using chrome and not ie, for example... but if it is a public web app, that requirement is insane
Sindhu_: @ice_box :  The problem is , the site was not constructed properly. So if i start handling the IE cases, that will affect whole site apparently.
Sindhu_: Its a public App which was very poorly constructed
icebox: Sindhu_: I understand, but bubbling problems on different layers doesn't resolve the technical debt
icebox: Sindhu_: there is not a magic recipe :)
antiPoP: rest operator
icebox: antiPoP: yep... var x = [1,2,3]; [...x, 4]; // 1,2,3,4
icebox: antiPoP: rest or spread operator?
None
None
antiPoP: icebox,  thanks
anotheryou: Hi. Is there an easy way to prevent the initial ng-animate animation when first rendering my ng-repeat? (Actually my ng-enter and ng-enter-active classes are stuck on the initial render, but I don't want any of that anyways, still blocking my ng-leave animations).
anotheryou: I'm on angular 1.5.8
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 18263f1 Martin Staffa: chore(docs-app): improve layout when loading partials...
ngbot: angular.js/master 00b60f2 Martin Staffa: docs(a): remove outdated practice...
Felishia: div ng-style=&quot;{'backgroundImage':teacher.profile_image_url}&quot;:/div:
Felishia: why is that wrong?
Felishia: I also tried background-image
tombee: Felishia: you might be missing url('..')
Felishia: tombee, :.: yeees...
Felishia: T_T angular so hard to debug
tombee: xD
Felishia: React would choke when that happens...
Felishia: not sure if a good or a bad thing...
Pyrrhus666: Felishia: in this case you probably use angular correctly, but angular doesn&acute;t care that you generate css that doesn&acute;t do what you expect ;)
Felishia: Pyrrhus666, but it did never set it :(
None
Felishia: which would choke the browser
Pyrrhus666: that would most likely not choke the browser, it would simply ignore it
anotheryou: Pyrrhus666, would get you something in the ispector/console/networking tab
Pyrrhus666: networking probably not, but you should be able to inspect the element and see the style declaration.
None
ries: after about 300 products thing&rsquo;s slopws down. yes, I need to show all products (by customer request) they want to &lsquo;scroll&rsquo; through the data, so no classic pagination is possible.
Pyrrhus666: ries: with this many nested repeats I&acute;m not surprised. the normal tactics (use track by, use one-way bindings) might not be enough.
ries: Pyrrhus666: that&rsquo;s indeed my finding&hellip;
anotheryou: maybe endless-scroll will do?
Pyrrhus666: can&acute;t you do the nested repeats later (as in ng-click or something ?
ries: Pyrrhus666: they want to show the tables directly&hellip;
ries: anotheryou: would endless scroll work with browser search? For exam,ple, when teh page is loaded you hit search and it will find the text on the page?
anotheryou: I guess not
Pyrrhus666: ries: the problem is with your requirements ;)
anotheryou: I'm no angular pro, but maybe you can trigger the inner repeats only when things move close to the view?
bd-: is there any plnkr style thing for ng2 release version?
ries: Pyrrhus666: yes, I know&hellip; well, it&rsquo;s customer request, right? Others do it aswell&hellip;.
ries: They showed us a website that has something they like
ries: and taht render all tables in one page
ries: anyways, I will look a bit deeper
anotheryou: if the tables are fixed height, maybe some lazy loading will be ok
jackhumm: i am using material angular for my project , in one of md-input-container , i want to make some changes in js functions defined in angular-material.js , but i think thats really bad idea to make changes in library js code , can anyone tell me what is the better way to approach it?
Pyrrhus666: bd-: I usually grab a plunk from the docs and fork that
Me4502: Okay, I'm trying to setup a Plunker to demonstrate an issue I'm having.. However CSS on plunker isn't showing up
None
icebox: Me4502: open the devtools console
klex22: if youre developing SPA in angular2 and calling REST for authentication, which gives u back a cookie with JWT in it, how can u check permission to view some pages from it? (all frontend is in angular, server doesnt give u templates of pages etc)
umdstu: i&rsquo;ve always had this odd behavior with uib-dropdown not opening after a file input has been opened/canceled out. it&rsquo;s as though it thinks the file select window is still open
None
Elarcis: klex22: you need a client side lib to decode and read the JWT
umdstu: klex22: that only handles the authentication part, you still need to separately handle authorization
Elarcis: I have Day of the Tentacle's soundtrack in my head
Me4502: Well the issue is that the Plunker provided libs aren't accessible
Elarcis: since 7AM
Elarcis: help
umdstu: Elarcis: i&rsquo;m sure helping me with this weird behavior will eliminate that sound
ajnewton: Hi
Elarcis: umdstu: smooth
ajnewton: I am looking to create a navigation menu from JSON data, due to license restrictions I dont want to use Angular JS, is there another way
Elarcis: umdstu: I don't use uib, I can't help you
icebox: Me4502: I don't think so
None
Elarcis: ajnewton: vanilla JS
Elarcis: ajnewton: which this channel is not dedicated to
klex22: tnx everyone, but if u set HttpOnly flag for a cookie u cant read it right? so u cant work with a cookie like that in any js framework right?
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: got plunk ?
Elarcis: ajnewton: also what kind of license restriction forbids a MIT one?
umdstu: Elarcis: :)
ajnewton: I dont want to use any extension packages, only the basic html, jarva
Elarcis: ajnewton: this is not the channel for that, ask ##javascript
None
ngWalrus: jarvascript
Elarcis: ajnewton: we provide angular and angular-related support
Elarcis: jarvarscipt
ngWalrus: these goddarn jarvarscript programmers taking our jerbs
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: not yet, working on it. though I Just noticed `ng-class&rdquo;{open: $select.open}&rdquo;` doesn&rsquo;t automatically trigger when attempting to use the dropdown after canceling the file select
Elarcis: dicodico
icebox: Elarcis: dicodico is the new &quot;I know&quot;
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: nvm, it adds &lsquo;open&rsquo; then it quickly gets removed
Elarcis: icebox: naah
Me4502: icebox: The ones from there work, just the ones that I got from the frameworks section of plunker didn't
icebox: Me4502: material site uses codepen, not plunker
Elarcis: dicodico I asked this before, but has anyone wrote a proper way of formating/indenting angular 1/2 HTML templates now?
icebox: Elarcis: webstorm? :)
Elarcis: icebox: rhaaa
Pyrrhus666: I just do ctrl+shift+i and vscode does something I can agree with.
icebox: we discussed it in the past and the answer was no... I am afraid nothing is changed
Elarcis: icebox: dammit, why is this not taken seriously by some pompous JS hipster who think they found the absolute rule of coding
icebox: because that is html, not js :)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: are you using an extension ? this does nothing for me, the default shortcut is alt+maj+F
Elarcis: icebox: come on
Pyrrhus666: shortcuts are different on linux. lemme see.
bd-: so... why does canceling a (click) event in ng2 also cancel (ngSubmit) events
bd-: does that even make sense? is this a bug?
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: ctrl+shift+i does the normal &acute;Format code&acute;. I have no extensions installed that might interfere, and it &acute;just works&acute;.
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: we are talking about regular templates, as in files ending in .html ?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: yes
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: probably linux
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: yeah, it&acute;s better in all aspects but gaming ;)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: I don't like the default formatting, all attributes are put on the same line without wrapping, if I have a few css classes this becomes really cluttered
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: agreed
None
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: that and Microsoft support, but I digress
bd-: bug or expected behavior?
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: so it does do formatting, it&acute;s just that you don&acute;t like it ?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: if by formatting you intend 'put every element on one line and indent every element like 90's HTML', yes
Pyrrhus666: ah okay, so it&acute;s actually fine :)
Elarcis: bd-: I don't know how it works for NG2 in JS, but I have doubts regarding the use of 'this'
bd-: it's nothing to do with the use of this
grizzm0: Console spits out errors about undefined variables
bd-: oh wait i fucked up the example
Elarcis: bd-: I totally assume it's got something to do with the use of this :D
bd-: reload it
Elarcis: bd-: wwhat did you change for test() to not run anymore?
bd-: i just changed updateSomething to return false rather than set a var then return it
Elarcis: bd-: ah
Elarcis: bd-: yes, intented behavior
bd-: intended how?
Me4502: icebox: Yeah, I can't get the same issue to occur in a codepen setup
Elarcis: bd-: the return of the callback called by DOM events (click) defines if the event is prevented
Elarcis: bd-: you return false, so the click event is prevented
bd-: right but hit enter on text box
bd-: should be no click event
Elarcis: bd-: so it never flows to the click event on the button
bd-: but form not submitted
bd-: i don't put a click handler on the button
Elarcis: bd-: enter doesn't submit a form
bd-: yes it does
Elarcis: bd-: native HTML behavior dude
bd-: change to return true
bd-: and it works with enter
icebox: Me4502: I see... as I said that markup visually seems ok.
grizzm0: bd-, Add console.log('foobar') and hit enter
grizzm0: Yuo'll se update gets fired
bd-: i cannot get my ngSubmit handler to fire when a click handler above it returns false
Elarcis: bd-: what's your issue then? that if updateSomething() returns false, enter doesn't?
Me4502: I have a feeling it's to do with how angular-material resizes form elements
bd-: that seems... not right
bd-: i could understand if a click event on the button didn't fire when the one on the div was cancelled
bd-: but it blocks the whole submit event
Elarcis: bd-: you're right, this is strange
Elarcis: bd-: although ngSubmit is just listening for the DOM event 'submit'
Elarcis: bd-: I can see that in the source
bd-: i'm assuming ng2 puts a click event on the button, then the submit event calls the click on the button
None
Elarcis: bd-: no it doesn't, see this link
None
grizzm0: Native behaviour
grizzm0: Has nothing to do with ng2
Elarcis: grizzm0: nice job
Elarcis: still strange
Elarcis: probably has to do with how events are handled
bd-: that is very odd
Elarcis: I wonder if it works for all events? like keydown, etc.
grizzm0: If there is a submit button the form fires a click evnet on the button
grizzm0: If there is no submit button a normal submit event gets fired.
bd-: also in the ng2 example, if you add a (click)=&quot;test()&quot; to the button.. it works, even though the click above returns false
bd-: and it works with enter in the form field
None
grizzm0: Added click evnet to button
grizzm0: Button click -: body click -: form submit
Me4502: Okay, icebox, turns out layout-fill is what's causing it to go like that. I remove it, and it works fine.. however the footer then isn't at the bottom of the page
icebox: Me4502: nice catch... use &quot;sticky&quot; techniques... :)
icebox: Me4502: google &quot;material sticky footer&quot;
Me4502: thanks
Pyrrhus666: baako: that&acute;s a global setting, I have that in my app&acute;s .config block. and yes.
baako: Pyrrhus666, do you mind sharing with me the snippest please
baako: snippet*
None
None
ngbot: angular.js/master d6c91ea Georgios Kalpakas: refactor(input): avoid duplicating `step`/`ngStep` tests
ngbot: angular.js/master 081d06f Georgios Kalpakas: fix(input): fix `step` validation for `input[number]`/`input[range]`...
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: and if you look at the console I think I see what&rsquo;s going on
Pyrrhus666: baako: myapp.config([&acute;Restangular&acute;,function(Restangular) { Restangular.setErrorInterceptor(); } ]);
naquad: hi
baako: Pyrrhus666, i guess in this same function you have also set your base url?
grizzm0: bd-, What you can do is having type=&quot;button&quot; (click)=&quot;test()&quot;
Pyrrhus666: baako: that&acute;s also in the .config() yes
grizzm0: or (click)=&quot;form.submit()&quot;
naquad: i've got angularjs 1.3.2, code in it: form name=&quot;xyz&quot;:... input type=&quot;text&quot; ng-model&quot;obj.prop&quot; name=&quot;prop&quot; /: /form: and in controller i try to get $scope.xyz.prop.$pristine but i get prop = undefined. what am i doing wrong?
bd-: yea, i found that worked before but wasn't really that nice
bd-: so i just changed the one on my outer div to be (click)=&quot;!(showSidebar=false)&quot;
None
Pyrrhus666: baako: looks okay
None
Pyrrhus6661: umdstu: what should I be seeing ?
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: click the dropdown area
Pyrrhus666: I get a drop-up showing countries ?
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: it triggers the displaying of the fileselect. in the console you&rsquo;ll see &lsquo;clicked&rsquo; repeated, and it shouldn&rsquo;t be obviously. I suspect thats interupting the ui-select even after you cancel out the file select
naquad: icebox, very &quot;helpful&quot;
umdstu: sorry, i meant the dropzone
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: ^
icebox: naquad: sarcastic?
umdstu: Pyrrhus666 the div&rsquo;s ng-click goes rampant
Pyrrhus666: yeah, 789 popus per second...
icebox: naquad: in the example of the docs, using $pristine works correctly... that was the point... try to see the diffs with your snippet
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: seriously though, you expect people to click on a dropzone to trigger a file-select ? that&acute;s weird man :)
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: yea. i know its kind of yucky, but I didn&rsquo;t expect that behavior! i suspect thats why ui-select doesn&rsquo;t work if you try that now
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: in my real example there is a button as well
None
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: Some people use it over the button I&rdquo;ve noticed
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: the dropdown probably doesn&acute;t work because the script is in an infinite loop...
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: exactly.
naquad: icebox, as soon as i move code: stuff from form context values are disappearing
naquad: thats pretty much the problem i experience
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: thats what i discovered in writing up the plnkr. except I dont know why its looping. do I need to catch the event and prevent default?
umdstu: I just dont see why the click event is repeating
NotReallyHere: hello :)
NotReallyHere: Anyone active here?
uru: Nope
NotReallyHere: Questions about, fusion of a http request. That is succesful. But the post request is denied because of the jQuery param call.
baako: Pyrrhus666, did not work got errors.
NotReallyHere: is this because i use jQuery in my AngularJS app?
baako: think i know why
uru: NotReallyHere: Most likely
NotReallyHere: Damn, i'm blaming this line &quot;            data: $.param($rootScope.Object),
NotReallyHere: data: $.param($rootScope.Object). Is there a better way to pass the params in AngularJS?
uru: NotReallyHere: I've got 0 experance in ng1 but most likely you're wanting to look at not using jQuery if possible.
icebox: naquad: no idea... please provide a plunker reproducing the issue... we may give a look at it
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: weird issue. it&acute;s got something to do with the timout and trigger, but I don&acute;t get it...
Elarcis: 'it's useless to put it in the constructor, just put it in the declaration part in the class'
Elarcis: argh
uru: NotReallyHere: Looking at $.param(), imo it's better to be sending your data from angular as a json object rather than encoding it as a URL param if possible.
NotReallyHere: plunker is coming up, and thank you uru, i will look into that.
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: yea it&rsquo;s certainly not obvious. the timeout was required because it didn&rsquo;t make it in the $apply cycle
umdstu: i guess I can try to make it a directive instead that binds the click to that file input
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: funny : trigger a js error in the onClick handler and it works fine. but nothing else works...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x e73a853 Georgios Kalpakas: fix(input): fix `step` validation for `input[number][ng-range-input]`...
umdstu: hah
umdstu: in Chrome users complained the select didnt&rsquo; work. Firefox users reported it crashed their browsers :/
None
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: sounds like enough reason to do it differently :)
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: yea typing up the directive now i&rsquo;ll let you know if its any better
icebox: naquad: sure... out of tag form
None
icebox: naquad: Directive that instantiates FormController.
icebox: naquad: that makes the difference
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 7dacbcc Georgios Kalpakas: test(input): fix typo (`step=&quot;{{step}}&quot;&quot;` --: `step=&quot;{{step}}&quot;`)
Elarcis: started to make typed exceptions in JS
Elarcis: the future is bright
icebox: Elarcis: I know :P
Pyrrhus666: JS ? or TS ?
icebox: naquad: basically there is no scope
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: well TS, but in the end it's JS
Pyrrhus666: but at that point your typed exceptions are, well, untyped :P
naquad: icebox, any way to fix that?
Pyrrhus666: but I agree. TS rules :)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: huh? no, they're classes, so basically named function constructors
naquad: i need access from controller (updating some form elements with other elements values but only in case if user didn't change the field himself)
icebox: naquad: well... it is not a bug :)
antiPoP: how do i pass an array item to a component? [state]=&quot;allStates[3]&quot; not working
icebox: naquad: really I don't understand you need to move those fields outside the scope
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: but js has no types... but I get your point ;)
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: no that fails too. i&rsquo;ll update the plnkr
icebox: naquad: see also ng-change
None
None
naquad: there is way too many fields :( i'll have to add ng-change with help function at least to 17 elements
None
icebox: naquad: eventually, for your requirement, you need to check the value of the fields... so you have many &quot;ifs&quot; in the logic
naquad: damn it :( every time i think angular will back me up with some feature it f* up
naquad: icebox, thanks for help, i'll have to look for some other options then
icebox: NotReallyHere: you need to narrow the issue and to creare a plunker for that... it is not easy to debug an image
icebox: naquad: you are welcome
icebox: naquad: maybe formly gives you an help there
None
naquad: won't do, project is too big to replace forms
None
NotReallyHere: icebox, i already made two seprate working apps. And merging them now into one. And it worked fully as stand alone web app. So i know the code should work. So if i narrow down the problem, it would probaly just work.. :(
icebox: naquad: I see
icebox: NotReallyHere: that is the point :)
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: at least in this one it doesn&rsquo;t go on infinitely&hellip; RangeError thrown and puts an end to it
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: downside is the input doesn&rsquo;t ever seem to be triggered, so a timeout seems to be necessary anyway
None
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: it has to be effing jquery. do anything else apart from usin &acute;trigger&acute; and no problems.
icebox: kakashiAL: is it a test for a job interview? :)
kakashiAL: icebox: no, I did that, because if I write programms I only know these two ways but I dont know what is better
kakashiAL: icebox: the first way function needs more arguments
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: hmm. jquery triggered events bubble. so from the hidden input they bubble to the directive which triggers another click. sounds plausible
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: interesting.
icebox: kakashiAL: well... it is only my opinion.. I like not the one nor the other of the solutions
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: can you put the hidden input outside of the drop target ?
icebox: kakashiAL: I don't like the arguments passed
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: yea that isn&rsquo;t a requirement
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: seems to elminate the loop
umdstu: nice
icebox: kakashiAL: saveUserEntity(myObj); // it throws an error if it fails
kakashiAL: icebox: I have many entities like users, documents, items, products, notes and many more, my problem is not the error handling or the async stuff, my only problem is how to bundle all functionality into one function, how to name it and what arguments it needs
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: good call
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: thank you
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: you&acute;re welcome. this was an interesting one :)
kakashiAL: icebox: my saveEntity() function for now does this: it saves a entity, it shows a success notification or an error notification, it goes to another view if its successful
Pyrrhus666: umdstu: also file-uploads still suck, even after all these years...
kakashiAL: icebox: at the moment I am using way 1
umdstu: Pyrrhus666: yes they do, its pathetic I have to do this just for a nice file uploader button (like i said my real example has both)
kakashiAL: icebox: but it feels dirty and not right, like the function does too much, but I dont know how to bundle all theses steps into one function for a better design
icebox: kakashiAL: I see
icebox: kakashiAL: you need to find a design pattern :)
kakashiAL: icebox: one way is to write a factory that returns a function specific for each entity
None
Ayz: how to bootsrap a pagination in ng2
Ayz: how to paginate a page in ng2 using bootstrap only?
icebox: Ayz: angular is a mvc framework, not a widget lib
antiPoP: is possible to pass an array item to a component? [state]=&quot;allStates[3]&quot; is not working
kakashiAL: icebox: my problem is not how to implement that
kakashiAL: icebox: my problem is what to choose, what each function can do and what arguments it needs
icebox: kakashiAL: it is called &quot;api design&quot; :)
kakashiAL: icebox: let me ask it this way: your save function, does it do more than saving an entity?
icebox: kakashiAL: and it is a bit off topic in #angularjs :)
icebox: kakashiAL: there is not a magic recipe... TDD helps a lot in that task
kakashiAL: TDD only gives me security that everything works fine and that I can use my function everywhere
icebox: kakashiAL: no :)
kakashiAL: icebox: I know what you mean, writing function make them testable leads to good design
None
icebox: kakashiAL: no time for private messages... sorry
kakashiAL: icebox: let me explain it this way: the function that I pass to my component does theses thing: 1.save an entity, 2.success/error message, 3.redirection to view after save, 4.success notification
kakashiAL: icebox: all of these 4 steps are already implemente, tested and work
kakashiAL: icebox: all of these 4 steps are bundled in one function
Pyrrhus666: icebox: there was a nice long thread on HN about a study that concluded that TDD vs. TDL makes no difference.
icebox: kakashiAL: I would create different function (save) for your different objects... then I would implement a functional mixin for the utils cross to those functions
Pyrrhus666: icebox: although the general conclusion was, as always &uml;it depends....&uml;
icebox: kakashiAL: and I said I don't like that interface :) it is your project... up to you :)
kakashiAL: icebox: I have saveEntity function with the argument table and entityObj
_alessioalex_: is window.unhandledrejection not working with Angular2 because ng2 already wraps promises to check for errors itself?
kakashiAL: saveEntity('user', userObj); --this is what I use in my &quot;bundle&quot; function with all the other 3 steps
NotReallyHere: icebox: thanks anyways for your help.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed... the point is... starting a design bottom up is less effective than top down approach
kakashiAL: icebox: I also dont like that interface :)
icebox: NotReallyHere: you are welcome
kakashiAL: icebox: let me prepare something to show you what I mean
umdstu: icebox: i prefer middle out myself
icebox: kakashiAL: what I recommend is reading about design patterns and practicing with tdd :)
icebox: kakashiAL: then you can find your way
Pyrrhus666: also nice : RDD (Readme Driven Development). write the readme first, then code :)
icebox: umdstu: intending &quot;bottom up&quot;, focusing only on the implementation details
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed
icebox: Pyrrhus666: verbalizing helps
None
None
icebox: ngWalrus: photo from Swordfish movie :)
Pyrrhus666: &uml;I&rsquo;m Going To Fucking Blow Your Head Off Programming&uml;. I need to remember this. awesome :)
icebox: ngWalrus: GPDD is the usual way we work... in a state of perennial emergency
icebox: I vote against
ngWalrus: guess what's really horrible
ngWalrus: having to sort an array of numbers in javascript
Pyrrhus666: generally : &uml;numbers in javascript&uml;.
ngWalrus: pretty much
ngWalrus: I like how the angular orderBy filter has heroed through all other usecases but that's the only one it can't handle
icebox: &quot;the cost savings almost always outweigh any potential quality issues&quot; is simply false... because in those costs managers don't include the so called implicit costs
Elarcis: ngWalrus: myArray.sort(a, b =: a - b) ?
None
icebox: it is CAPEX vs. OPEX problem :)
kakashiAL: icebox: at the moment I only pass the string entity type and the object, the rest are if/else to get the right notification and the right urlChange
kakashiAL: icebox: but, if I add another entity, I have to edit this function and add another case
icebox: kakashiAL: anyway the diagrams are wonderfull :)
icebox: kakashiAL: try to write two or three of those functions... then apply a DRY method, trying to put in common the code
icebox: kakashiAL: and so on
kakashiAL: icebox: you want me to write such a function for each entity?
icebox: kakashiAL: read again what I wrote and its purpose :)
None
kakashiAL: icebox: if I apply DRY I have to write such a function for each entity, this would also reduce my argument for such a function to one!
loZio: Hello, I'm developing ionic app with angularJs...now I want to save the value of select when I close it. How can do it? ng-change is not a best solution
kakashiAL: icebox: could you please answer this question just with yes or no!  do you think to write a save/edit/delete function for each entity?
kakashiAL: icebox: if I do so, I could add all theses steps inside and this function only needs one argument
kakashiAL: icebox: I also had the idea to use an object like that, but in that case I also have to edit my function all the time the more entities I use
None
kakashiAL: icebox: could you maybe &quot;sketch&quot; a function to see what you mean and to get a better idea?
None
senayar: import { ChronoMessage } from &quot;../../../models&quot;; argh
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: span *ngFor=&uml;let stuff in state&uml; :{{stuff.start}}/span:
senayar: what quote are you using Pyrrhus666 ? :o
senayar: &quot; / &uml;
Pyrrhus666: senayar: that prevents people from copy-pasting my stuff ;)
bberry: haha
mst: :D
NotReallyHere: icebox : i solved my problem.
bberry: anyone see my question? :(
Pyrrhus666: senayar: (srsly, it&acute;s a thing between windows and pidgin, I have no clue. this is the only program that does this)
senayar: ok it's a french trema :p Pyrrhus666
NotReallyHere: icebox : thought i would share it here.
icebox: NotReallyHere: cool!
icebox: kakashiAL: I was away :)
NotReallyHere: icebox : So the problem lies with  of combining the angular $http(method:'POST' , data:.. etc. etc. ) with the $.param
NotReallyHere: so an easy solution was.
kakashiAL: icebox: I forgive you :)
senayar: table in html have fixed size column you can't have a small column and a big column under it bberry
NotReallyHere: making a object, containing the $.param
NotReallyHere: and then put in within the $http.post
NotReallyHere: simple, but effective..
bberry: senayar: er.. sorry i dont want a big column, i was trying to make it so that multiple columns were created w/ that ng-repeat.... i know thats not how to do it tho :/
bberry: but... outside of putting my &quot;fixed&quot; columns in an array and then concatting the extra columns and then using ng-repeat for the whole thing.... im not sure how to do it
icebox: NotReallyHere: nice catch
NotReallyHere: icebox : maybe not clear, but it seperates the jQuery use within the already angular action. Anyways i'm off and i'm happy.
NotReallyHere: hahah
bberry: maybe tahts the best solution anyway. &macr;\_(ツ)_/&macr;
NotReallyHere: icebox : have a nice day and keep helping people! Goodjob.
icebox: kakashiAL: sure... I read it all
icebox: kakashiAL: but really at the moment I have not too much time
icebox: kakashiAL: the approach you outlined seems feasible
None
bberry: senayar: surely
bberry: sec
kakashiAL: icebox: so, should I write a save/update/delete function for each entity?
kakashiAL: icebox: a pseudo code function is enough for me to see what you mean
kakashiAL: would be great
Pyrrhus6661: lets see... &quot; ' &quot;
None
tmuwa: Is there somebody here who is experienced in user authentication in angular2?
Pyrrhus6661: irssi on ubuntu bash on windows. who'd've thunk it.
bberry: senayar: (i added .toLowerCase() on the strings in the html to line up w/ the object keys)
None
bberry: senayar: hah! good point.  good old TIAS biting me in the ass /facepalm
icebox: kakashiAL: no problem... see a few examples googling &quot;angularjs crud&quot;
bberry: i guess im just surprised that it actually worked lol
senayar: I added bootstrap bberry
kakashiAL: icebox: most of the crud examples deal only with one entity
icebox: kakashiAL: then you need to fuse all your knowledge in one big design :)
senayar: well what do you use to code bberry ?
kakashiAL: icebox: would you write crud functions for each entities?
senayar: with syntax color in plunkr I see your missing end &quot; in html
bberry: yeah bootstrap... ITOT that my solution worked for what i wanted to do... i just didnt think it would
icebox: kakashiAL: :)
icebox: kakashiAL: I said you my opinion about that
bberry: senayar: basically, i didnt know that you could combine normal columns alongside variable # of columns
bberry: but now i know :)
kakashiAL: icebox: I didnt get it, yes or no is enough :)
baako: hi guys, am using angular 1 with ionic which is a software like for building native mobile application. My question is more on angular side. How do you guys handle registering and login with angular?
senayar: the main problem you can face bberry, if your config.columns do not contains the same number of your item collection to display so everything will be shifted in the table
kakashiAL: icebox: and what do you think about a factory that creates such entity functions?
bberry: ah i see.  i suppose i could do a little extra work to verify that the correct data is in the column
angularjs183: ng-disabled seems to be not working
angularjs183: loaded a plunker from the docs page
angularjs183: also broken
bberry: that way if i have 1 too many columns in config.columns, the 'extra' column will just have all empty data
bberry: senayar: ^
angularjs183: where is the actual implementation in github repo? :)
angularjs183: im using 1.5.7
icebox: kakashiAL: you may give a look also at &quot;orm js&quot;
angularjs183: haha.. well now it seems to be working.. but anyone know where the code is for ngDisabled?
icebox:  kakashiAL: the point is... orm examples, crud examples, design patterns, and so on, behind the scenes implement solutions you can reuse in your use case.
icebox: kakashiAL: if you write me another pm, I ban you ;)
kakashiAL: icebox: okay
icebox: kakashiAL: see above :)
kakashiAL: icebox: could you please show me a pseudocode example, please!
kakashiAL: icebox: I dont get it
icebox: kakashiAL: you cannot answer to that question in minutes... you need to read some code close to your problem... experiment the solution and try again
coder_2014: I'm emitting an event from a component on its constructor so other components listen this event and set some values. If I emit the event without subscribing an observer it doesn't work, anyone can tell me why is this happening?
kakashiAL: icebox: I dont need that, I just need a sketch a direction a primitive idea, some pseudo code
icebox: kakashiAL: terrible attitude &quot;I don't need that&quot;
kakashiAL: icebox: I have many steps, each step depends on the input, my problem is how to extend these cases the more entities come
kakashiAL: icebox: I mean I dont require a detailed answer from your side, because I wasted your time more then enough
icebox: kakashiAL: reading code I didn't write helps a lot to improve my knowledge and skills
icebox: kakashiAL: otherwise what is the meaning of open source? sharing and contribution are the foundations
kakashiAL: icebox: I shown you two ways that I feel comfortable with but I dont like
coder_2014: I'm emitting an event from a component on its constructor so other components listen this event and set some values. If I emit the event without subscribing an observer it doesn't work, anyone can tell me why is this happening?
kakashiAL: icebox: I just need a sketch or a simple idea, nothing too meta
icebox: off... bye
Pyrrhus666: bye icebox !
antiPoP: Pyrrhus6661,  I updated the code with your approach and I get: Can't bind to 'ngForIn' since it isn't a known property of 'span'. (&quot;span [ERROR -:]*ngFor=&quot;let st in state&quot; :
None
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, yes, it's of instead in
antiPoP: I think in was in ng1
senayar: yes antiPoP
Pyrrhus666: probably :) it was code I typed of the top of my head :)
senayar: it's because you use &quot;in&quot; and it's &quot;of&quot;
senayar: $ngFor=&quot;let st of state&quot;
antiPoP: is somebody using mgenchev seed? I'm having to manually run the app , as te reload does not always apply the changes
None
senayar: because you are mapping your array with your object keys bberry
senayar: but try to add the same string element in your array
senayar: like : $scope.config.columns = ['test', &quot;Name&quot;, &quot;Route&quot;, &quot;Comments&quot;, 'test2', 'test'];
senayar: :)
zorph: trying to use select onchange to pass the ng-options to controller function
None
zorph: see pastebin
zorph: thx for help
senayar: required is enough zorph
senayar: required=&quot;&quot;
senayar: what does changeDuration zorph
senayar: d.value and d.label are sure undefined inside the ng-change
zorph: I want to save the value and label - when the select changes..
umdstu: how would i wrap two ng-repeats around a TR: element? i tried spans but they aren&rsquo;t allowed in a table and chrome kicks them to the top/outside of the table
None
zorph: not sure how to access the locale method ( that's used in the filter ng-options)
usk: hi guys
usk: can you any one tell me how to build angularjs app for production using grunt with requirejs and angularAMD
None
senayar: I simplified but the console.log will lead you to next step
zorph: $filter('locale') or something..
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666,your approach works, but what about if I don't want to place these in a homogeneous way?
angularjs953: hi does anybody know why $location.url replaces encoded slashes (%2F) with plain slashes?
zorph: $filter('locale')(duration.label)  -- this is how to call locale filter from controller :)
angularjs953: hi does anybody know why $location.url replaces encoded slashes (%2F) with plain slashes?
umdstu: can anyone explain why a ui-router state would be using the correct controller (as specificed in the state options), but using the wrong service specified in the controller itself? It seems to happen if you navigate in the browser too quickly, or before the state has fully rendered, may happen other ways, but a page refresh does not fix the issue
senayar: dependency injection umdstu are you you don't have a factory or service with the same name ?
_shaggy: i am new to angular js and i have a element where ng-click =&quot;function($event)&quot; but i want to run that from console so any idea, how to do
_shaggy: basic elemnt.click is not working
Felishia: so electricity is back :(
None
Felishia: one liner btw
Felishia: anyone :(
da_wunder: Felishia: create plunker to demonstrate your problem
da_wunder: with that gist we only see some html, not actual functionality
Felishia: da_wunder, really? :.: it's just what it is
Felishia: I don't know how to write angular
rand0m: _shaggy, you still here
rand0m: Felishia, imo you should call a function on ngclick
rand0m: which inturn calls whatever you want to do
Felishia: rand0m, dat worked thanks
LIERO_: I have a checkbox that I want to keep a persistent option for the user - i.e. it remembers the option between application runs - so obviously the only way is to write to a json
da_wunder: or localstorage
LIERO_: so the right way to handle this would be to have a factory that checks for the state and writes a change if necessary, and then call that factory from every controller that has the checkbox (basically every controller..) ?
LIERO_: or can I only read once on application start and store that in a global variable
None
LIERO_: and then only write to the json if there is a change
None
Felishia: rand0m, thanks a lot XD your response (imo you should call a function on ngclick) was actually what I needed the most :) it worked when I changed to a function; thing is that, I'm a reactjs programmer...
Felishia: someone hired me to mantain an angular codebase
rand0m: nice
Felishia: *shrugs*
rand0m: I wish someone hired me :(
Felishia: management was like ... react, angular.. same thing!...
Felishia: rand0m, :o why not?
rand0m: complications
LIERO_: oh
Preuk: Felishia: both end up in &quot;js&quot;, so it's like the same name, right ?
rand0m: LIERO_ best solution is localstorage
LIERO_: if localstorage works with nwjs this is going to be one line of code :.:
rand0m: or using a backend like nosql/something else
rand0m: if its a mobile app, then it makes sense to use back end service
LIERO: well I already write and read a bunch of json files
da_wunder: or just read that value on login to localstorage and use it there, and if that value changes just make PUT request to server and store that data again
LIERO: no server, client side
rand0m: oh
da_wunder: then localstorage
rand0m: then go for localstorage
rand0m: or cookies :P
LIERO: yeah, that looks good
Felishia: localforage
rand0m: brb watching tv
Felishia: :D
umdstu: senayar: yea I&rsquo;m sure, but both services derive from the same parent service
udp-packet: How do I apply a style across components? /deep/ and ::: seem deprecated.
udp-packet: I could not find any documentation on that matter for Angular. Polymer does have it.
bd-: i think /deep/ is still fine to use?
da_wunder: udp-packet: :host /deep/ .foobar { ... } works
bd-: or use ViewEncapsulation.None
udp-packet: da_wunder: it works! Thank you very much
udp-packet: But how come that Angular 2 uses a syntax officially deprecated?
da_wunder: udp-packet: source for that ?
None
udp-packet: just google '/deep/ deprecated'
None
None
None
udp-packet: It says: The /deep/ and ::: selectors should only be used with emulated view encapsulation. This is the default and it is what we use most of the time. See the Controlling View Encapsulation section for more details.
udp-packet: I wonder what happens with native view encapsulation
moura: guys im having an issue with input range with dynamic values, the knob is always at position min instead max. i'm using a math.min and max to from a service so it is async.
None
moura: r
moura: that knob is fucked up dont get it why isn't placed at the end
udp-packet: I now set encapsulation: ViewEncapsulation.Emulated on the respective outer component just in case the seed I use/Angular ever switches to Native
None
da_wunder: moura: that jsfiddle seems to work just fine ?
moura: da_wunder the knob is centered when the modelValue is 150 and max is 150. why is at the middle?
da_wunder: oh that
da_wunder: i though the value update was the problem
da_wunder: :D
moura: fun fact if i replace ng-model for value=&quot;{{modelValue}}&quot;
moura: it works
moura: but i loose the scope
da_wunder: moura: not pretty but it works $timeout(function() { $scope.modelValue = 150; }, 0);
moura: lol
moura: xD
moura: i was doing a directive thats simpler thank you!
Srgjames: would there be  a reason that angular.module on one page for two seperate forms one post the stuff to url and the other doesnt
Srgjames: and its almost the exact same code
da_wunder: Srgjames: refactor that &quot;submit&quot; function to service and use it on both forms
da_wunder: or refactor that form to directive that you can use like your-form submit=&quot;true&quot;: your-form submit=&quot;false&quot;:
Srgjames: even if im useing the ng-click=(submit(login)) and ng-click=&quot;submit(user)
Srgjames: da_wunder as well im not on angular 2 as it doesnt seem to make sense when i was trying to get my code on it
da_wunder: Srgjames: i wasn't talking about using ng2
da_wunder: this channel is mainly for ng1
da_wunder: official ng2 channel is on gitter
Srgjames: can you point me somewhere so i can read how to do the refactor the submit
Srgjames: never done it before
None
da_wunder: form ng-submit=&quot;yourservice.yourmethod(somedata, true/false)&quot;:
da_wunder: but if that form is same for both, i would make a directive about that form
da_wunder: and just pass some parameter to that directive to determine what submit should do
Zalabinsky: is it a thing to use angular2 to compile static websites? something like jekyll
tristanp: I have a situation where I want to append md-tooltip: (an angular material directive that adds an on hover tooltip) to an element at runtime. I tried element.append(angular.element('md-tooltip...')) and then $compile(element) and it did not really work out. the tooltip was appended, i can see it in the dom, but it doesn't have the on hover functionality
tristanp: anyone have any tips about this sort of thing?
wafflejock: Zalabinsky, not really but sort of :)
wafflejock: Zalabinsky, angular is all client side so depends on JS to be able to be processed but with NG2 there is some preprocessing that can be done to deliver the &quot;initial state&quot; as though the JS has already started running
wafflejock: Zalabinsky, but you can't say break the views into a bunch of static pages believe it still depends on JS to load the static parts into the view after that initial state is loaded
wafflejock: Zalabinsky, but on the other hand the views are just a bunch of static assets in terms of not being server side processed
wafflejock: tristanp, can you recreate a plnkr showing the issue? see the topic for a starting point
tristanp: wafflejock: that was going to be my next step. i figured it out though. I wasn't calling the result of $compile() with a new scope. that gotcha has got me so many times!
wafflejock: heh actually thought about asking about that, glad you caught it
tristanp: btw why does the official docs for $compile spend about two sentences on the $compile service/method and then the rest of the page is documenting *directives*
tristanp: it's hilarious because when i need to look up the docs for directives i can never find them
wafflejock: tristanp, well when angular is running it looks for any directives in the markup or strings that match directives and it's using the $compile service to do that, basically the $compile takes some string of HTML and scans through it for directives and gets a combined link function for all the parts found which is what you're passing the scope to
tristanp: i had a feeling it made sense. but only to someone who knows how all this is done under the hood. for 99% of angular users it's totally unintuitive. which isn't how you want your docs to be, IMO. for something as fundamental a concept as directives it should really have its own page and be easy to find, not buried under some service no one has ever heard of
wafflejock: yah I hear you
wafflejock: I usually try to point people towards the dependency injection/providers, angular bootstrap process (helps understand providers and vice versa), and directives/$compile it's not obvious what is really important with all the info in the guides
wafflejock: understanding $watch and $apply is good too but I don't think as important as those other parts, but knowing all the inner workings and terminology and whatnot isn't good for getting people feeling productive right away
Harshita: i want to know about digest cycle
None
Harshita: do anyone know what is digest loop
wafflejock: Harshita, yeah was basically just talking about that but there are blogs that can explain better than I can in chat here most likely
wafflejock: Harshita, do you have a specific question about it or just trying to understand the whole watchers/apply/digest cycle?
Harshita: y as the programmer or developer need to know how the digest cycle works??
wafflejock: ubernoob, haven't used it I've only done the basic setup for the ng 2 tutorial but see the ng2 site footer believe there's a link to gitter for chat on ng 2
wafflejock: Harshita, well you can cause performance problems or infinite cycles if you don't understand how it works it becomes difficult to understand what you did wrong
ubernoob: oh cool. will try that then
wafflejock: Harshita, the long story short is when some user event happens or some async thing like and http request happens and some model pointed to by the scope is changed then any bindings like {{thisintheview}} or directives that use $watch need to be notified a value changed
Harshita: so is digest cycle so important to run theangular
wafflejock: Harshita, so $http and ng-click and the like trigger a call to $apply which makes the digest cycle start running where it evaluates all the things being watched and updates everything (calls watcher functions) where the value changed
Harshita: call to apply is manual triggering??
Harshita: n call to digest is auomaticallly trigerring??
None
None
Harshita: any other material to understand digest cycle??
gho5t: your debugger in chrome
None
Harshita: okay thanx a lot..
wafflejock: lots of various quality blog articles about it but sort of agree with gho5t just digging in and messing with it helps to grasp it
wafflejock: np
gho5t: yeah just putting a breakpoint on the $digest method in the angular.js file helped me grasp it
None
wafflejock: er &quot;beginner&quot;
Harshita: let me know if der is any related topics with digest cycle..
wafflejock: Harshita, nothing other than what I linked really it's all just related to the watchers or things that are bound in the view doesn't really touch other parts of the code just a lot of other parts use it since those parts are likely to change things that need the view to refresh
Zalabinsky: wafflejock thanks
Harshita: before going to digest cycle..what al things i need to know?
wafflejock: Zalabinsky, no prob also not sure if you saw in the text but ng 2 questions there's a gitter link on the footer of the ng 2 page for more people chatting about that
wafflejock: Harshita, no prerequisite really it mostly stands on it's own, knowing generally how dependency injection is sort of important to seeing how anything in Angular is working, basic gist is there is a function called the injector that stores references to instances of each thing that is needed for injection, it figures out what is needed by reading the argument names
Harshita: okay..
None
Srgjames: im not sure why but the login section keeps a being prefilled as well the ng-shows are showing on load of login.
VickeyC: I'm having problems getting my data to bind, and I'm wondering if anyone can answer my question.   I have a constructor with an $http call.  After my $http call, I manipulate the returned data and load it into an object.  Angular doesn't seem to recognize anything in my object I've created.  Any idea why?
Harshita: is there any disadvantage of digest cycle??
Srgjames: can one app have multiple controllers
akkonrad: in angular2 I need to read local storage first (to get jwt token) and then send http request to API, after I get response I will display it on page. so I need to use promises, otherwise all variables I'm referencing to are undefined
akkonrad: or better is to use observable iinstead?
umdstu: anyone know of any ui-grid like libraries that also support alternate views, like cards or list with thumbnail?
dofidum: In angular2 how can I match a route like &quot;dir/file-:id&quot;?
wafflejock: Harshita, still here?
wafflejock: dofidum, see the footer in the ng 2 main page for the gitter chat for ng 2 questions
NotReallyHere: ice box : online :)
None
Srgjames_: can someone tell me why this doesnt work
manish: Need help - how to decompose angular ui for microservice. the articles that i read says ui microservice will return markup i.e. SPA markup. how to consume it. is there any sample code that I can refer
roadrunneratwast: hello world.  i am going to make the switch to angular 2.  can someone advise how hard it is to adapt 3rd party angular libraries.  I am particularly concerned about ionic -- that's gotta be compatible with angular 2, right?  i also was using angular-wizard and angular-google-maps and a few other things.  ideas?
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 35482ba Michał Gołębiowski: refactor($sniffer): remove $sniffer.vendorPrefix...
