angledude: hi all
angledude: Is it possible to have a class (A) with a list of objects (B) which implement an interface -- and then give both A and the members of B @Component annotations?
angledude: I've been stuck on this for days and as far as I can tell, polymorphism is verboten with @Components.
heartburn: *forbidden
glyph_: Hey there
glyph_: Anyone using angular 2 here?
anth0ny_: glyph_: I think lots, what&rsquo;s up?
glyph_: anth0ny_, Kind of new to angular2, I had a question in regards to rxJS and angular2 usage
anth0ny_: go ahead and ask
glyph_: If I want to pass/share data between two components, would rxJS be a good option?
glyph_: I come from using redux and react for state management
glyph_: For example, having a service with an observable, and subscribing to that observable in the class components wherever its needed?
anth0ny_: glyph_: yeah, that&rsquo;s doable
anth0ny_: glyph_: you can implement Redux in Angular2 as well
None
glyph_: anth0ny_, I have heard of it but haven't used it yet. It might be worth looking into. I'll check it out. Thanks
glyph_: anth0ny_, can I ask you a question about rxjs?
None
glyph_: The addToCart() method doesn't add the product to the cart
Harshita: disadvantage of digest cycle how ill we overcome??
anth0ny_: glyph_: you&rsquo;re talking about the Subject?
anth0ny_: this.cart$.next(product); ?
anth0ny_: looks like it should work to me
juria_roberts: Is this allowed in the html div data-t-id={{ var1.name || var2.name }} : /div: ?
tovin07: Yes
None
None
glyph_: I don't know if I am missing something but I can't subscribe and retrieve the data in the NavBarComponent while it subscribes and retrieves the data perfectly fine in the ProductComponent. Anyone know what might be the issue?
tona: hi everyone , i am using ng-repeat  + funtion it return me true and false , seem some fields are in false but it not displaying me in continues way , my output is jumping the elements on differents rows and columns is there one way to do it continuos using filters
None
tona: is there one way to do it contiuous
tona: could someone advice me please :)
raj_: How to install angular js
AlecTaylor: hi
None
ngbot: angular.js/master f5f802c laranhee: docs($rootScope): add missing round bracket...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x fd24ad3 laranhee: docs($rootScope): add missing round bracket...
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 828f8a6 Jason Bedard: docs($controller): deprecate the use of $controllerProvider#allowGlobals...
Mavericks: hello
None
Mavericks: Is $scope.ages the way to refer ages variable in the link above ?
Aj_: hii
Aj_: brollypop
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: in the associated controller, yes. although most would argue that using controllerAs is better, and then use $ctrl.ages.
soee: if your main app has several components where do you define routes for each of them? inside components or in main module?
Mavericks: 				select ng-model=&quot;carbuyer&quot;: 				option value=&quot;&quot; disabled=&quot;disabled&quot;:-Please Select-/option: 				option ng-repeat=&quot;car in cars | orderBy:'model_name' &quot;  				ng-value=&quot;[[person.model_name]]&quot;:[[car.model_name]]/option: 				/select:
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: no code in channel pls. it&acute;s unreadable
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: sorry about that
None
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: similar to that example if i do $scope.ages it doesn't seem to set the value upon chosing an option
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: console.log gives the default value of ages than the value of selected option
None
Mavericks: I'm using 1.1.5 Could that be an issue ?
tmuwa: Good morning!
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: that&acute;s ancient. is there a reason not to use the latest 1.5.x ?
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: also, I cant see any controller code in that fiddle ?
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: no. just didn't bother to upgrade
tmuwa: I am trying to set up a user authentication. Any suggestions how to do that in a proper way?
None
ImNotARobot: Test
None
Mavericks: but the example code has both in the code
Mavericks: I might have misunderstood
smiche: someone leaving gems in this proj :D $scope.vm = this;
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: able to assign/change other variables defined on scope. except one for select/option markup
Pyrrhus666: smiche: that is or was a kind of normal convention. ugly as f*ck though.
smiche: It looks like a hybrid between controllerAs vm and just $scope
Pyrrhus666: smiche: I think it is. from before controllerAs became a thing.
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: the example does not use ng-model on the select, which was what the warning is about
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: it only uses ng-model on the checkbox.
smiche: Makes sense then :p
Guest22516: is there any way to wait until the model value is undefined and call a function ???
Guest22516: is there any way to wait until the model value is not undefined and call a function ???
smiche: $scope.$watch?
Guest22516: need to check 3 models
smiche: I guess u'll need it three times then
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: got it.
None
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666:  has the example code. does scope.ages work show the right value  for you ?
smiche: Although if you have to do that probably something else is weird in your approach.
Guest22516: is there any way ?
smiche: Guest22516: read what I said
Guest22516: i need all the 3 values in my fun, so i need to wait until it loads its also dynamic values
smiche: call a function with a counter every time a value is resolved, and if the counter == 3 in that function proceed to calling the other function
uru: Guest22516: Sounds like you could make use of Promices for this
uru: *Promises
smiche: I guess he/she is, but using 3 different sources and need to sync them all up?
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: that plunk doesn&acute;t work at all ?
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: ah, missing ng-app.
Guest22516: @uru wat is promises ?
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: works for me.
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: although the &acute;multiple&acute; argument makes no sense in this case.
None
Guest22516: @uru Thanx
uru: Guest22516: So in your case you'd most likely want three Promises, one for each of your values, inside a Promise.all() then you can do `Promise.all().then(some action here:)` which will trigger when all three have resolved
Elarcis: Hi!
icebox: Elarcis: hey
None
yuga: hi
yuga: how can i declare two modules in same page??
Pyrrhus666: icebox: ah, yet another site with a misconfigured cloudflare cache. joy.
Harshita: i wanted to know how digest loop drawbacks can we over come..
Pyrrhus666: icebox: nice article though. recursion feels very haskell-y.
Elarcis: icebox: perfect exemple of recursion that could be a loop :D
icebox: :D
Elarcis: :D
icebox: two module and quit... digest loop drawback and quit...
icebox: modules and drawbacks... and quit
Pyrrhus666: icebox: we should probably always wait at least a minute before answering anything. kind of like greylisting in the mail world, an anti-spam measure :)
icebox: :P
sh4z: cool
runtyrobot: I have a search bar that I'd like to be triggered by enter - but has no submit button. ng-submit doesn't seem to cooperate with this. How would I go about this, best way possible?
icebox: runtyrobot: form tag?
runtyrobot: yes
None
runtyrobot: I could swear I'm doing pretty much the same deal. I'll go through it again - thank you.
None
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: can you share your plunk ?
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: sure, one moment, my dns is seriously misbehaving today...
runtyrobot: icebox: I did more or less the same deal as before. Only difference being that I created a specific search controller and attached that to the form tag. I must've done something different somehow.
runtyrobot: Thank you again
icebox: runtyrobot: you are welcome
None
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: notice the added ng-app on the html tag
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: yea it's working
soee: any idea how can i lazy load module in angular 2? I tried this in main module routes: loadChildren: '/app/websites/websites.module' but it throws an error error_handler.js:47 EXCEPTION: Uncaught (in promise): Error: Cannot find module '/app/websites/websites.module'.
Elarcis: icebox: I didn't remember HTML forms submitted on enter o_o
Elarcis: soee: and you're sure your module path is correct?
None
icebox: Elarcis: &quot;I know&quot; :)
Elarcis: DAMMIT
soee: Elarcis: yes if it is relative path to src dir
icebox: Elarcis: apart the jokes, it is due to the form tag... form action=&quot;javascript:alert('hey')&quot;:input id=&quot;GET-name&quot; type=&quot;text&quot;:/form:
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: wasn&acute;t it weird in the sense that it only works when you have just one text input ?
Pyrrhus666: I seem to remember that...
Pyrrhus666: icebox: updating your fiddle to two inputs confirms that
soee: icebox: preloading strategy set wont help as it still reports error_handler.js:47EXCEPTION: Uncaught (in promise): Error: Cannot find module '/app/websites/websites.module'
soee: do i have to register this websites.module somewhere ?
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I actually agree with disabling submit-on-enter with more than one text-input ;) it not logical behavior
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed
icebox: Pyrrhus666: anyway good to know those cases
Pyrrhus666: icebox: true :)
avi_: new to angular js
Pyrrhus666: 10 bleeding seconds ? you&acute;re not gonna learn anything with that attention span...
Preuk: Pyrrhus666: that's still much higher than current teen average at 7 seconds
Elarcis: well apparently also new to courtesy
Elarcis: Preuk: we really need a bot to compute these averages
Elarcis: Preuk: what's that teen average thing?
Preuk: Elarcis: found something from a marketing firm with stats from 2013 about goldfish attention span being higher that human average
None
None
Preuk: hum no, it was another one but figures still hold
Preuk: Elarcis: this kind of bot would be accounting for half the traffic on most channels
Pyrrhus666: those statistics are depressing.
Elarcis: it is
Preuk: Pyrrhus666: what stats?
Pyrrhus666: Preuk: your attention span length :P
Preuk: wow, but that was almost TEN minutes ago!
Pyrrhus666: yeah, I almost even had to scroll back a bit...
Preuk: i've watched 8 cats vids since then
None
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666:  I get the error in console and a traceback
Mavericks: &quot;Error: [$parse:syntax] Syntax Error: Token 'Doe' is an unexpected token at column 6 of the expression [John Doe Dummy] starting at [Doe Dummy].
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: and then the right output after some time
Pyrrhus666: lemme see...
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: you&acute;re feeding an interpolated string to ng-value. ng-value treats that as an expression, and tries to evaluate it. that will never work, of course.
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: what are you trying to accomplish here ?
Mavericks: I'm trying to do exactly what's there in that example
Mavericks: it works in the plunker tho. just surprised
Pyrrhus666: Mavericks: I don&acute;t understand what the plunk should actually do, hence the question ;)
Mavericks: Pyrrhus666: retrieving the assigned name from users in the function defined on scope
Mavericks: assigned as selected
Mavericks: option
Mavericks: * retrieving the selected option from
None
None
Harshita: how to overcome the drawbacks of digest cycle..
Smanfly: hi
Mavericks: icebox: i noticed it that link. cool will take a look
Smanfly: I have a problem can someone help me?
icebox: Smanfly: don't ask to ask... just ask
Smanfly: thank you
Smanfly: i have this function
None
Smanfly: but var dbInfo and dbMeal come from
Smanfly: $http.get(&quot;/api/Formszs&quot;)        .then(function (response) {            $scope.dbInfo = response.data;
Smanfly: $http.get(&quot;/api/meals&quot;)               .then(function (response) {                   $scope.dbMeal = response.data;
Smanfly: ang i get this error
Smanfly: angular.js:13920 TypeError: Cannot read property '3' of undefined
icebox: Smanfly: if you debug that code, you can get the answer
Smanfly: i'm still new to angular and programming in general... i still don't know all the tools
Smanfly: how can i debug it?
icebox: Smanfly: it is js... with devtools
icebox: Smanfly: sorry... no private messages... ask in the channel... someone may help you
Smanfly: thanks
None
Elarcis: back!
Elarcis: ok, somehow my data takes 8sec to be copied
Elarcis: this is huuuuuge
Elarcis: ok this is because of one angular.copy()
Elarcis: which copies everything apparently
icebox: Mavericks: please, use latest angular 1.5.8
daedeloth: is there a way to call retry of a http request in angular2?
smiche: can someone help me with the usage of bash -c ?
icebox: smiche: #bash :)
uru: daedeloth: To do that in the past I've wrapped my http request in a function so I can call it again when needed.
smiche: I joined there and didn't realize I'm in the wrong one..
smiche: I need glasses.
icebox: smiche: it happens... no problem :)
Lallu: Angular js 1x or 2?
daedeloth: uru, thanks, I'm looking in the retry method now, but not sure if that will do what I want
Smanfly: icebox: i checked and it's ok...
uru: daedeloth: Your usecase may vary of course :) This is one of the first things I ever built in angular so it's possible I might do it differently now
icebox: Smanfly: nice
Smanfly: but not working :(
icebox: Smanfly: so it is not ok... :)
Smanfly: yes
Smanfly: my var with data has data in it
None
Smanfly: that's the end result
Smanfly: and i just replace var dbMeal with my $http.get
meen: how to loop in ng-class?
Pyrrhus666: not, I think. why would you want to ?
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: you&acute;re srsly doing the timeout-bot-thing ?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: yep :)
Pyrrhus666: what does the number describe ?
Pyrrhus666: and cool :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: resolution is in minutes
icebox: Pyrrhus666: and it is not cumulative.. it is about the last join/quit cycle
Pyrrhus666: so the time between last message and last part ?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: the time between &quot; has joined #angularjs&quot; and &quot; has quit IRC&quot;
soee: anyone was able to lazy load modules using angular-cli ?
jk_: i want to make a directive containing divs as columns. these columns should be resizable. i want to set the number of columns dynamically. how would i a achieve that? ng-repeat? if one column changes size the other (left or right) should be resized too
jk_: can some one push me in the right direction
None
Elarcis: yay, my ngRepeats are turning the app sluggish by copying my ultra-heavy elements - i thought track by prevented that
Elarcis: 20s to load my view, against near instant before
Elarcis: definitely something wrong
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: a lot of people leaving after a few minutes... and a lot of people stay all day connected
Elarcis: interesting
icebox: yep... I thought another kind of distribution
Elarcis: icebox: although an histogram is a strange choice here since bars cover ranges of uptime
icebox: Elarcis: so called bins range is configurable, but it doesn't change the main shape
Pyrrhus666: icebox: but the last bin is weird because it collects everything of 1440 and more ?
icebox: soee: great!
icebox: Pyrrhus666: max is 1440 (60 * 24 mins)... the log is daily.. that stats represent one day
Elarcis: icebox: your script also only counts the time between first and last in/out in the chat
None
Pyrrhus666: should probably be a poisson distribution or something like that with enough correct data.
Elarcis: icebox: if I co one minute in the morning and one minute in the evening, it will count 8h for me
ZoderUck: u hello, question is an ftp connected directory in windows  accessable in cmd ?  the ftp folder is displayed in windows explorer
icebox: Elarcis: the time between &quot; has joined #angularjs&quot; and &quot; has quit IRC&quot;... and it is not cumulative.. it is referred to that latest connection
Elarcis: icebox: yes
icebox: Elarcis: correct
icebox: Elarcis: I mean.. no
Elarcis: icebox: ah?
icebox: Elarcis: if you stay connected for one minute, it is one minute
Elarcis: icebox: if I reco one minute later in the day?
icebox: Elarcis: that simple script counts only the last connection
Elarcis: icebox: you never overwrite .in
icebox: Elarcis: ah yes... a bug :)
Elarcis: icebox: heh
icebox: Elarcis: or not :)
icebox: Elarcis: I would not catch this pattern (or maybe yes) join / quit / join / all day...
icebox: Elarcis: no ok... it is a bug
ZoderUck: hello icebox
icebox: Elarcis: ready to fix as exercise for the next contributor :)
icebox: ZoderUck: hey
Elarcis: icebox: don't tempt em
icebox: Elarcis: no... you are busy :)
jk_: icebox, elarcis :) can u say something to my problem?)
icebox: jk_: use excel :)
None
icebox: jk_: or another tbale widget
jk_: too much bloath :) i just need to devide a image in n-columns
icebox: jk_: use css grid
jk_: i want the user to define the width of the columns and the number of cols
icebox: jk_: sure
Elarcis: I am facing a huge design issue, maybe you can help me: I'm having an object, referencing other objects, etc. I'm using ng-repeat on a list of these objects, but it appears ngRepeat is making copies of them, and it's unbelievably slow -- something like 1.5s per copy. what's the deal with that?
None
Elarcis: I know the copy's slow because my objects are really complexes and reference lots of stuff, I just don't get where these copy() come from
icebox: jk_: the point is... don't reinvent the wheel, unless that is your goal
icebox: Elarcis: how many objects?
jk_: icebox, i need to resize the columns by dragging.....
icebox: Elarcis: and 1.5s per copy is too much... so complex those objects?
icebox: jk_: for drag and drop use dragula
Elarcis: icebox: there's like six objects... but they're big objects, they contain other objects, references to context objects, to their parent, arrays, even angular services, etc.
icebox: Elarcis: ok... but it takes a lot of times
icebox: Elarcis: generally speaking, do you need that copy?
Elarcis: icebox: I don't
angularjs897: does anybodyk&igrave; know how to overwrite parseAppUrl function in angular library?
angularjs897: apparently is a function defined in the main object
angularjs897: ???
icebox: angularjs897: what is your use case?
angularjs897: I need to change parseAppUrl function defined in angular.js
angularjs897: just that
angularjs897: it is defined in an ifee
angularjs897: and I need to overwrite
icebox: angularjs897: &quot;just that&quot;... just do it .)
angularjs897: lol
angularjs897: can you look for &quot;parseAppUrl&quot; in angular.js file?
Elarcis: angularjs897: question is more why you want to overwrite that
angularjs897: we have a problem with ui router that we can solve only
angularjs897: overwriting that function
icebox: angularjs897: issue number in ui router project?
Elarcis: angularjs897: all you're saying is 'I want to change that function because reasons'. It doesn't tell us your problem, and we can't help you fix it without commiting the biggest error of the month
angularjs897: #2598
angularjs897: problem is the one in ui router with number #2598
angularjs897: I need to provide my clients with valid urls
None
angularjs897: slash must be encoded as %2F
angularjs897: yes that one
icebox: angularjs897: ok... what do you pretend? we close that issue fixing the problem in ui router? :)
angularjs897: the solution provided by christopherthielen is not a real solution
angularjs897: that would be ideal
angularjs897: but if that's cannot be achieved
icebox: angularjs897: perfect... you may contribute
angularjs897: solution for me is overwrite
angularjs897: the function
angularjs897: is there a way to overwrite that function?
None
icebox: angularjs897: is it a public api?
angularjs897: no it's not
icebox: angularjs897: so.. you have the answer, you need to patch directly the source :)
angularjs897: no way to overwrite it?
angularjs897: from JS point of view
icebox: angularjs897: no way? open the file in your editor and patch the that file :)
smiche: luckylooke: when you open it in plunkr you can see it actually has ng-app
angularjs897: funny, any chance to do it outside the source file?
smiche: why are you so scared of changing the source?
Pyrrhus666: luckylooke: also, if you inspect the docs page, you see the controllers in the examples work in the scope of the docsApp defined on that pages html tag
icebox: angularjs897: what is funny?
luckylooke: smiche: good point, I will look
angularjs897: I'd like to keep the official library separated from my changes
icebox: angularjs897: nice... wait the fix :)
smiche: u can have the lib, load it as a string, regex replace the function and then eval
Pyrrhus666: smiche: I hope you&acute;re kidding...
icebox: I second smiche's suggestion :)
Elarcis: icebox: oh god it was my fault
icebox: Elarcis: ah... nice catch
smiche: Well it might work, eventually :D
Elarcis: icebox: at one point I drop a material in my object, and it calls each of its material categories until it finds one that accepts the material
icebox: funny request, funny solution
Pyrrhus666: icebox: your expected response was &uml;Elarcis: I know....&uml; ;)
Elarcis: icebox: and the actual behavior was that every category and subcategories and subsubcategories accepted it, so I had a SHITHUGE object in the end
icebox: angularjs897: if the api is not public and you cannot access it in another way, there is no way to patch it, unless you modify the source... this is the reason you should try to find a workaround to your issue
angularjs897: I understand icebox many thanks for helping
icebox: Pyrrhus666: maybe... I would be dead a few seconds after :)
icebox: angularjs897: you are welcome
Pyrrhus666: icebox: nah, Elarcis&acute; power doesn&acute;t reach _that_ far ;)
angularjs897: that issue with slashes is a pain in the ass
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I would prefer no betting there :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox:  ;)
Ang_: Hey guys, Am new in angular, so.. How you guys felt, about the future of angular ?
icebox: Ang_: yep.. and that but is quite old...
Elarcis: Ang_: it is bright, and filled with candy!
icebox: angularjs897: yep.. and that but is quite old...
icebox: *that bug
Ang_: wich script you prefered?
icebox: Ang_: sorry mistell
Elarcis: icebox: you're quite old! HA!
Elarcis: Ang_: what do you mean?
icebox: Elarcis: yep
angularjs897: why hasn't it been solved yet?
Elarcis: icebox: but... you ruined my joke :c
Elarcis: angularjs897: open source
icebox: angularjs897: because a path as the content of a param is not so common, I believe, as use case
angularjs897: that's partially true
icebox: Elarcis: joke? it is a fact :)
angularjs897: because anyway if you provide a valid url that should be kept as is and not changed
smiche: how old is that?
angularjs897: to bypass a problem
angularjs897: slashes are encoded sa %2F by RFC specs
icebox: angularjs897: dynamic routing is implemented in different way... the point is... why do you need a path in the param? :)
Ang_: @Elarcis typescript or js
angularjs897: also slash is a charachter-:this means ui router doesn't support valid RFC urls :)
icebox: angularjs897: what is the version of ui router you are using?
angularjs897: 0.2.13 but I got the same issue with 0.2.15 and 0.3.1
icebox: angularjs897: also with 1.0.0?
angularjs897: didn't tried as it's still beta
angularjs897: but the real problem is on $location.url service
icebox: angularjs897: I would give a try
angularjs897: I will, but anyway I cannot include  a beta in a deployed app
Elarcis: Ang_ I'm a big TS fan
icebox: angularjs897: open source is a bet by design :)
icebox: *beta
AlecTaylor: YAY open-source
angularjs897: that's a good one ;)
Pyrrhus666: well that was random...
Elarcis: hahaha
icebox: angularjs897: you need options to choose the best approach... when you have all the elements, you can choose (more) correctly
angularjs897: anyway the problem is in angular
angularjs897: $location service
Ang_: Elarcis : Oh Ya, okey..
angularjs897: $location.url decodes the given url
icebox: angularjs897: did you look for an issue about that?
angularjs897: removing slashes escapes
angularjs897: I couldn't find anything
icebox: angularjs897: weirdly, no? if the problem was so huge
icebox: angularjs897: you have many steps ahead to get your options... filling issues, contributing to angular or to ui router, patching directly the source, checking new versions, checking different routers and so on...
icebox: angularjs897: getting help in irc is a desperate move :)
umdstu: anyone that uses ui-grid know how to get the current page of rows from gridOptions.data ?
angularjs897: :)
icebox: angularjs897: if you know how to fix that function, parseUrl..., I would give a try patching the source code... if it works as you wing you have another option... imagine if your patch doesn't work
icebox: *as you wish
icebox: angularjs897: the point is... more doing, less complaining (even if you are right)
smiche: encode the url in some format without special chars? base64?
icebox: angularjs897: e non dirmi che sei italiano! :)
angularjs897: no assolutamente
icebox: ah ecco :)
angularjs897: :)
icebox: Elarcis: so... fixed?
Elarcis: icebox: kind of
Elarcis: icebox: it takes 2s to load the view instead of 20
Elarcis: icebox: we'll speed that up later, but for now we can work
icebox: Elarcis: ok
Elarcis: icebox: i read about ng2's FormGroup, FormControl and FormBuilder yesterday
Elarcis: icebox: was very interesting, I like their take on the matter
icebox: Elarcis: I didn't read that
Elarcis: icebox: ng-book 2
icebox: Elarcis: ah ok... thanks
Elarcis: icebox: XD
Elarcis: icebox: you mean you don't know what article I'm talking about, or you haven't read about forms in ng2 at all?
icebox: Elarcis: I haven't read about forms in ng2 at all on ng-book 2
Elarcis: (:_ლ)
ZoderUck: : Sequence contains more than one element
None
Elarcis: icebox: heeeh, it's globally the same, but I like that now we see gaps
icebox: there are many users connected all day and many users leaving after a few minutes
icebox: I suppose also with a cumulative approach, the shape would be the same
Pyrrhus666: icebox: your last bin is still a bit of a farce since you don&acute;t measure times beyond a day. I still think it&acute;s a poisson distributed thing, if you either disregard the lasr bin or measure time to inifinity.
Pyrrhus666: AND BEYOND !
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: also, if someone doesn't disconnect/connect of all day, he's absent from the graph
icebox: Pyrrhus666: yep
icebox: Elarcis: yep
icebox: Elarcis: I have another script downloading automatically all the logs... but really I don't want to execute a batch :)
Pyrrhus666: if I remember correctly from my statistics class, poisson also fits because it&acute;s generally used for things like arrival/departure stuff.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: forget stats, we are only displaying data :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: sorry, I immediately want to model any data I see :P
Elarcis: question of the day: do plane crashes occcur following a poisson distribution
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I see.. you are a marketing colleague :)
icebox: Elarcis: the answer doesn't like you
Pyrrhus666: icebox: no, a physicist :P
Elarcis: HIISSSS
icebox: Elarcis: better... you don't like the answer
Elarcis: icebox: I KNOW
icebox: Elarcis: you did it :)
icebox: Elarcis: now I am free to type it when I want :)
Elarcis: I NO
icebox: :P
mahmoud: hi
Guest23549: i have a ChanServ q
Guest23549: i have a Q
uru: Guest23549: No need to ask to ask :)
Guest23549: Question
Guest23549: The workings of a data file anلعمشق
Guest23549: angular
uru: Guest23549: If you have a question then ask it :p
JDorlus: Hey all. I am working on a simple SPA (making the migration from angular 1.x to 2.x) I noticed that once I added a module to my application, I have a random &quot;n&quot; character in my markup now.
JDorlus: Seems kinda weird.
JDorlus: Can't seem to get rid of it.
JDorlus: It's nwhere in the code.
icebox: JDorlus: check for aliens
skunkz: Hi, I'm using angular ui-router with html5mode set to false. I want to use OAuth2.0 with the web server flow, I created a state which has the url /OAuthCallback?code, the problem is when this URL gets called back, I get the following URL: localhost:8100/?code=my_code:#/OAuthCallback. Any ideas how to get the query params to be correctly written after the #/OAuthCallback?
JDorlus: icebox: I really hope that &quot;aliens&quot; is something other than extra-terrestrials.
None
icebox: skunkz: if I understood correctly
icebox: JDorlus: meaning... green humanoid :)
viktor: hi guys
viktor: have issue with protractor
viktor: can't run tests at all
viktor: unknown error: [ng-btstrpd]
Pyrrhus666: JDorlus: unix vs. windows line endings gone horribly wrong ?
viktor: windows
JDorlus: Hmmmm.....you may have something there. I am running on a mac right now but I remember when committing to github, I got a lot of warnings about line endings.
Pyrrhus666: viktor: not meant for you ;) I don&acute;t know protractor at all.
Pyrrhus666: JDorlus: I&acute;ve seen stuff like that in the past.
None
viktor: did someone have this error with protractor?
icebox: skunkz: so do you need a redirect?
skunkz: and when the backends try to call localhost:8100/#/OAuthCallback it gives me the following url localhost:8100/?code=secret_code:#/OAuthCallback instead of localhost:8100/#/OAuthCallback?code=secret_code: as if the /#/OAuthCallback was an anchor
skunkz: I guess that's what I need yeah
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: if a user connects at 22.00 (and they doesn't disconnect), they is in 120 bin
Pyrrhus666: icebox: yeah, a classic poisson(-like) graph with &lambda;=1
Pyrrhus666: icebox: throw it in wolframalpha.com to model it ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: here using R :)
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: also fine, I&acute;ve got zero experience with both ;)
icebox: kakashiAL: it seems very nice... congrats!
kakashiAL: icebox: sure, but is it a normal pattern, even in very professional projects, to edit your configObj file when every you have changes?
icebox: kakashiAL: it is ok... convention over configuration (or viceversa) tradeoff
kakashiAL: icebox: all other projects that I saw, they have for each entity their own files, because of the extra code and the files that you have to create they use terminal file generators
None
icebox: calling the day... bye
daedeloth: I'm having a bit of trouble with retryWhen
daedeloth: I thought that if retrhyWhen returned an observable, it would subscribe to that and retry when that was given true:
daedeloth: but that does not seem to be the case
Pyrrhus666: icebox: doesn&acute;t seem to fit.. hmmm.. laterz !
macstriker: hi ng-guys
macstriker: what is a good way to check on undefined for objects inside objects?
macstriker: if ($scope.action.toState.barcode === state_barcode) {
macstriker: in this case i need to write if (typeof $scope.action != 'undefined' &amp;&amp; typeof $scope.action.toState != 'undefined' and $scope.action.toState.barcode === state_barcode)
icebox: macstriker: js question :)
macstriker: wrong place?
icebox: macstriker: a bit :)
macstriker: i just like to talk with you ng-guys
icebox: anyway...
icebox: macstriker: #javascript is better
macstriker: ok, go there
Elarcis: can't wait for the elvis operator
Honey_: Hi
icebox: ?.
Elarcis: *safe navigation operator
Elarcis: icebox: yes
macstriker: what is this?
Honey_:  I am using angularjs frame i built a site http i want to call my http to https
macstriker: i see
Honey_: how can i do this
Honey_: any one can help me
icebox: Honey_: do you mean you need to call an https api?
Honey_: yes
icebox: Honey_: use $http
None
Honey_: i want to call my api as https
None
Elarcis: Honey_: $http manages both
Honey_: Elarcis: it mean if i use $http this work like https secure???
Elarcis: Honey_: it means you can make both http and https requests using $http, if you read the link icebox gave you
icebox: Honey_: yes
Elarcis: Honey_: but since HTTP and HTTPS aren't considered the same domain, you might need to configure CORS on your server (not the client)
Elarcis: Honey_: if that's your server you're calling, ofc
None
icebox: :P
Honey_: $http work http and https thats good but it can call on https or not
Elarcis: efkdnjjldkhlf,ds
icebox: Honey_: the answer is yes... read the docs, please
icebox: Honey_: the url provided is only an example... in the $http call put your endpoint
icebox: gotta go...
icebox: bye
None
Honey_: when i put http in end point my service was work and when i put https in my end point it does work the page data not load
Honey_: how can i solve this problem
Durrani: I am angular js framwork in my end point when i put https it does not work on http it work properly but i want to secure it how i can call in https
Elarcis: holy shit
Elarcis: was this guy real
ngu: what about the security of the angularjs website
ngu: what about the security of the angularjs website.
uru: lol, what about it?
Elarcis: YES
Elarcis: YES
Elarcis: (I like when people change their nickname constantly in hope we answer better, when we actually can see by their IP that they're the same person)
Elarcis: I love Typescript. You can bind generic types to the runtime with a totally legit pattern, and this will simplify a lot of things
skunkz: Elarcis: be careful.. he IS angular js framework
Elarcis: skunkz: he'll haunt my code for generations to come!
umdstu: i&rsquo;m getting an ng:cpws error that I&rsquo;m not sure how to trace, how would i go about that in the console?
falkkk: heyhey
falkkk: someone here with loopback knowledge?
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 41034bb Jason Bedard: test($compile): ensure equal but different instance changes are detected in onChanges...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 31d55a8 Jason Bedard: test($compile): ensure equal but different instance changes are detected in onChanges...
None
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 586e2ac Jonathan Yates: fix($compile): clean up `@`-binding observers when re-assigning bindings...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 29c5530 Jonathan Yates: fix($compile): clean up `@`-binding observers when re-assigning bindings...
phlix: I'm sure i am super close. The div right below displays the text as its being typed. Just not sure why I don't get it into the directive
aaa: hello
aaa: curious about moving to angular2 (not moving existing projects, but moving to angular2 for future projects)
aaa: what is the _WORST_ that would happen if i continued to build on angular1
dmx: hello everyone
None
None
phlix: All these people on here and not a single person available to look at this for me? I am sure its something super simple that i am over looking
ZoderUck: what is a good website performance test tool. the download / connect time responsetime
None
andersonvom: hey folks, is there an official route for brand new angular projects? v1 vs v2?
andersonvom: why should one choose one over the other?
kegster: andersonvom, what do you mean &quot;official route&quot;?
kegster: v2 isn't done yet, and is heavily changing. so it depends on your deadline :P
None
kegster: nvm :P
None
andersonvom: kegster: let me ask a different question then: is there a plan to retire v1? As in, if I start with v1 today, will I have to re-write everything in v2 next year because it's not being developed anymore?
phlix: I can not for the life of me figure out how to get the value from that ng-model into my directive.... not sure what is going on
kegster: andersonvom, that's a good question lol.
phlix: So if I am using ng-model=&quot;addCard.city&quot; why inside my directive can I not get the value from $scope.addCard.city ??
emmy: heyo
emmy: Want to know should i keep using angular 1 or switch to 2? Newbie here
soee_: what is the proper syntax for ngfor in angular2 ?
None
kegster: soee_, note the link i sent you is live.
soee_: kegster: i have it working, i didn't imported CommonModule and that is why it was failing for me
kegster: :D
angularjs859: hi guys, I am trying to check authentication on stateChangeStart but when I call app url like localhost:3000 I get 4-5 redirect events until user is redirected to login page
None
angularjs859: can you point me an elegant way to check user authentication and redirect without so many statechanges? or is that normal behaviour?
jeffmcnd: I want to show a fullscreen login page and once the user is signed in, they can see a sidebar navigation div with an ng-view to load content. What is the best way to achieve this?
jeffmcnd: So basically I want a single page app with a sidebar but also a fullscreen login page.
None
snurfery: sup yall
lawd: yo i have an ng-if on my alert on my index page. i hardcoded it to false as a test. when I refresh, it flickers there for a second before dissappearing. anyone know what causes the flicker?
rand0m: lawd, you should use ngcloak i think
bob_2: i am trying to setup a dev environment for ng2 contribution
bob_2: on windows 10 :P
bob_2: i had to manually remove fsevents from packages.config and the shrinkwrap scripts as npm bombed on installing it (instead of giving a warning)
bob_2: i also had to manually run bower install (readme doesnt give that instruction)
bob_2: but now when i run build.sh i get a typescript error
bob_2: Error: Error at D:/GitHub/angular/modules/ at angular/benchpress/src/reporter/console_reporter dot ts:10:21: Cannot find module '../facade/lang'.
bob_2: console_reporter.ts has the line &quot;import {print} from '../facade/lang';&quot;
bob_2: ../facade points to an extensionless file that has a relative path to where lang actually is
bob_2: so i presume thats all correct
bob_2: unless ..\facade should be a symbolic link and not just an extensionless text file?
bob_2: yes, thats what create-symlinks.sh essentially does, add this facade symbolic link, but it doesnt look like it worked correctly on my windows
rand0m: who.. who are you talkin to bob_2
rand0m: :s
rand0m: brb
bob_2: every...single..last...one....of.....you!!!!
rand0m: :D
bob_2: :)
rand0m: the chat becomes unresponsive after generic office hours
rand0m: you should use cygwin or something to work on windows?
None
bob_2: rand0m: yeah - using git for windows, which provides a shell on mingw64
bob_2: seems that symlinks are created for facade at locations specified in angular\scripts\windows\packages.txt
bob_2: but that is missing multiple locations
bob_2: the lack of a newline at the end of the file seems to cause the last entry to be ignored too
bob_2: this could be my first contribution :)
None
