None
mario_: Thanks!
tonio555: Hi, i'm new to learning web programming and wondering whether it is wiser to learn angular 1 or 2?
GreenJello: tonio555, angular 2 is much better than angular 1, but if you're looking to get a job soon, there are more angular 1 positions
verax5_: hi
verax5_: man any good beginners tutorials acount
verax5: hey
verax5: whatsup yall?
tonio555: thanks GreenJello
glyph_: If I call .next(value) on an observable on one component, will the value be updated in another component that is subscribed to the same observable? Using RxJS
lebster: is there an easy to to cancel all http promises if there is a statechange. I am having an issue where promises come back and the user is on another page so there are scope issues
Null_: hey, quick question, so when you use factory and dependency injector, is there a copy per each component/each time its used, or just one version?
Null_: like, a local variable would be the same in all the places you use it
Elarcis: Hi!
shoaib: Hello shoaib my name is shoaib
shoaib: i want to learn angularjs
Sindhu_: I have a doubt. I am a newbie to angular. Is it better to have one controller for many views or each view with their own controller
shoaib: can any body help me please
Sindhu_: Shoaib : There is a course in coursera
Sindhu_: Its really
Sindhu_: goog
icebox: Sindhu_: one view / one controller... you may read code style guides by John Papa or Todd Motto
Sindhu_: *good
Sindhu_: Try that
shoaib: where sindhu
None
shoaib: can you please mention the link
shoaib: thanks
Sindhu_: Icebox: Thank you so much
icebox: Sindhu_: you are welcome
None
Sindhu_: Check this out
shoaib: hi sindhu
kakashiAL: icebox: hey icebox, did some react experiments and some angular redux/saga experiements :)
kakashiAL: icebox: what do you think about the &quot;one file per function&quot; philosophy?
icebox: kakashiAL: nice.. I didn't :)
icebox: kakashiAL: I didn't like... one file per function... too extreme
None
None
None
None
icebox: soee: is it angular 2 or angular 1?
soee: icebox: angular 2
icebox: soee: is the syntax correct? what is the link for ngswitch doc?
None
icebox: soee: it seems ok... any plunker reproducing your use case?
soee: it is part of  @angular/common and CommonModule is imported to my module so should work :|
smiche: another trivial thing that just doesn't work out of the box with angular2?
JJH_: Hello everyone
icebox: soee: I understand you have an issue with the evaluation, not with the import
icebox: smiche: so you need to check the expression (website.status), and if you think it is ok.. please, provide a plunker reproducing the issue
icebox: smiche: mistell, sorry
icebox: soee: so you need to check the expression (website.status), and if you think it is ok.. please, provide a plunker reproducing the issue
smiche: I was on it any ways :d
soee: icebox: ok `fixed` it ... as status is string i had to put values in case into ''
icebox: soee: nice
icebox: JJH_: hey
JJH_: i have a question maybe someone can help me
JJH_: I want to know if it is possible to unit test the UI
icebox: JJH_: don't ask to ask... just ask :)
JJH_: without having a server with selenium
icebox: JJH_: it is called end to end tests (e2e), not unit tests... yes, you can
JJH_: without server?
None
JJH_: it is possible?
icebox: JJH_: yes, you can... without selenium
JJH_: @icebox so with karma i can test the existence of a button?
icebox: JJH_: karma is a test runner
icebox: JJH_: take your time to read and to understand the setup
icebox: JJH_: spamming questions doesn't help you to improve your knowledge
smiche: what is wrong with protractor JJH_ ?
smiche: I fell in love with it, too bad the server can't seem to run google-chrome even with X virtual frame buffer -.-
JJH_: in E2E test it said that i need to run a special web server
JJH_: that why i was asking like unit test
smiche: it's all done automatically to the point where all you do is $protractor config.js and tests are ran
icebox: smiche: this is a no-go for us: &quot;You will need to have the Java Development Kit (JDK) installed to run the standalone Selenium Server.&quot;
smiche: oh, alright
smiche: there was some testing environment without selenium that had an emulated browser
JJH_: my goal is to test like UT with something like gulp test the UI
JJH_: without having a server running
icebox: JJH_: sure... read the post suggested
JJH_: i read it oO
JJH_: maybe i dont get it
icebox: JJH_: it seems so
JJH_: but in the E2E part there is written Requires its own special web server
icebox: JJH_: no
icebox: JJH_: if you mean, you would want e2e tests without a browser, that is not possible :)
icebox: JJH_: you need a browser running, at least headless
smiche: icebox: out of curiosity, why would installing JDK be a problem?
JJH_: yeah i know
JJH_: i'm using phatomjs atm
icebox: JJH_: ok... so what is the concern?
JJH_: but i dont want to have a webserver running
Anita_: what are promises used for??
icebox: JJH_: you don't need that
icebox: JJH_: but it is useful
icebox: Anita_: for async workflow
Anita_: is there any relation between $q and digest cycle??
icebox: smiche: then what? I need to install a mainframe OS/390 with PL1, Cobol and whatever to test our financial backend? :) I don't think so
icebox: Anita_: $q is the angular implementation... no with digest cycle... please read the docs
None
smiche: hey jdk8 is somewhat fresh :p
icebox: smiche: the point is chaintool needs to be short... more complexity, more troubles
JJH_: is grunt the same as gulp?
icebox: JJH_: alter ego
icebox: JJH_: it aims the same problem with different approach
smiche: yeh that makes sense, though if you're familiar with the java environment it's like visiting home :p
smiche: is there a reason why in angular2 systemjs is suggested and not webpack?
smiche: in angular2 quickstart/tutorial
icebox: smiche: it is not a matter of familiarity (I have been programming in Java for ten years)... it is adding abstraction layers or tools with different realms... they add complexity, maintanance costs and so on
icebox: smiche: I suppose systejs is for educational purpose...
JJH_: okok thanks
Elarcis: hi icebox
Elarcis: wow, very similar shapes indeed
icebox: smiche: (notice, not jre, but jdk)
icebox: Elarcis: hey
icebox: Elarcis: that is good :)
smiche: it is true that complexity rises(my tests still don't want to run headless on deployment server)
Elarcis: smiche: systemjs is closer to what vanilla JS is heading toward I guess, webpack is cooler but has a peculiar logic
JJH_: everywhere it's written that I need a web server to execute E2E test
icebox: JJH_: I don't think so... but maybe we are not on the same page :)
smiche: thanks Elarcis, I had a more pleasant experience with webpack but I guess I should give systemjs another try
Elarcis: *shivers*
JJH_: icebox when i get to the example on the git it's written Single Run Tests  Start the server to run e2e tests grunt server
None
icebox: JJH_: again.. there is no need for that
icebox: JJH_: do you think those tests don't run in a CI environment?
Elarcis: JJH_: this is an internal server that just temporarily hosts the app so the tool can run tests
icebox: JJH_: that is useful if you need graphical results of the tests or to debug the tests
Elarcis: JJH_: you don't need to install and configure a 'real' web server
JJH_: yeah but there is a server
smiche: what is wrong with that?
icebox: JJH_: ok... I give up... good luck :)
smiche: it's a local one, 0 configuration required
JJH_: yeah i know
JJH_: But i dont want
JJH_: even a local
smiche: why?
JJH_: that why i was asking
JJH_: like Unit test
JJH_: environement restriction
smiche: you don't even need a testing environment to unit test, require some of your js files, mockup input and expect output?
Kendricke: Hello, guys. May I ask how can you override components when unit testing angular 2?
icebox: Kendricke: do you mean mocking?
Kendricke: Yes.
icebox: Kendricke: no docs for that?
Kendricke: There is no documentation actually for mocking a component.
Kendricke: There are usually documents for mocking services.
None
Kendricke: The examples there do no involve mocking components.
klex22: hi, im using angular2 cli (webpack version) with ng2-bootstrap and have alert ...:/alert: in app.component.html (i import AlertsModule in app.module.ts). When i do 'ng test' i get 'alert' is not a known element. why is that?
Kendricke: klex22, you need to add the AlertsModule in the TestBed.configureTestingModule
helllojesus12: Hi, I was hoping if someone could help me with a multi select
None
helllojesus12: This is my code so far
runtyrobot: Is it possible to use angular routing and redirect to an entire new page? My issue is, that I have a login page - but it's currently running in ng-view. So parts of the menu structure is visible. Preferably I'd like to have an entirely different view for it.
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: that&acute;s an empty plunk. did you save it ?
None
helllojesus12: sorry
helllojesus12: I just saved it
helllojesus12: What I want to be able to do was have a multiselect option but when I tried to add module for multi select it gets an error. I also tried ng-repeat and I am not sure what I am doing wrong.
Elarcis: runtyrobot: nested view, but that'd be using uiRouter
angularjs128: lol
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: so far this is a table with sort and filter option, but no select, right ?
helllojesus12: yes
helllojesus12: What I wanted to achieve was something like this have a select option where I can select multiple select things
icebox: there a whole section testing components in those docs... bah... I don't understand
runtyrobot: Elarcis: Currently not using uiRouter - maybe I should though.
Elarcis: runtyrobot: I don't think angular router manages nested views
icebox: runtyrobot: ngroute doesn't support multiple and nested views
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: that would be the select in the &acute;name&acute; column ?
helllojesus12: Yes, I wanted to multiselect the names
None
helllojesus12: I tried looking at that example but
helllojesus12: I am not sure I understood it correctly...
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: are you sure this pattern is useful here ? wouldn&acute;t it be easier to add a column with checkboxes to select rows ?
helllojesus12: well, what I wanted to try to do was be able filter the table and be able to guide by the names
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: so the multiselect would be a filter ? that makes more sense :)
helllojesus12: yea
helllojesus12: sorry :(
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: np ;) thing is, a multiselect is a big thing (like in the example). it&acute;s _not_ a dropdown like a single select.
helllojesus12: oh
helllojesus12: well, I looked at a plugin but it used two output models and I did not want that
helllojesus12: I am writing a small script right now for unix based system where it will go through give me all the configurations and all. I wanted to put all that data in here
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: if you&acute;re going to use the filter the way you intend, that means that the dropdown shows the exact same items already visible in the paged table. suppose that&acute;s 50 items, the select box would be huge...
helllojesus12: well usually
helllojesus12: it should be maximum of 8 unique items
helllojesus12: I only want the unique items in it
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: ah, like in this case &acute;lola
Pyrrhus666: &acute; and &acute;kevin&acute;
helllojesus12: yep
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: that should be doable, but a multiselect still would be a large(ish) ugly thing in the header cell.
helllojesus12: can you please guide me towards a resource? This is just for learning purposes for now so it should be ok if its ugly for now
helllojesus12: @Pyrrhus666, also, can you please tell me why I cannot add more modules?
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: you had the good documentation in an earlier link. now it&acute;s just a case of getting it to work :)
helllojesus12: whenever I tried adding extra modules I always get an error
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: what do you mean by extra modules ?
helllojesus12: var app = angular.module('MyForm', ['ui.bootstrap', 'ngResource'])
arlekin: hi guys
arlekin: weird question: does anyone else has issues with youtube in chrome 54 ??
helllojesus12: when I tried adding ngmultiselect in there and it would give me an error
arlekin: #muchwow #suchofftopic
angularjs128: @helllojesus12 you are stupid :) You should stop coding lol
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: I&acute;m on 55, but no problems
smiche: I'm on 53, how to get to 54? @arlekin
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: huh... weird...
helllojesus12: thanks @angularjs128
smiche: if you have the CORS plugin on it causes issues sometimes
arlekin: smiche: well, im on ubuntu so i just did apt-get update &amp;&amp; apt-get dist-upgrade
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: 54 on ubuntu. no problems.
smiche: I'm afraid of that, updates always end up melting my pc
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: that&acute;s probably a problem with that specific plugin...
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: please keep it in the channel per favore.
arlekin: smiche: well, i first noticed the issue, then in good faith i did check for updates and did one
smiche: did you check if you have CORS plugin on or postman interceptor? I've had issues with those on yt
arlekin: smiche: is it possible to have them without knowing ? cuz im pretty sure that i never did install them
smiche: you can check your extensions, if you have them on one chrome and login with your account to another it can sync up your extensions
arlekin: smiche: well, i did just check and im pretty sure there is nothing offending in my extensions (few of them as i have)
smiche: no idea then
arlekin: *btw that feeling when instead of ) you type () as a reflex* :P
arlekin: smiche: still thanks for your initiative
None
helllojesus12: @Pyrrhus666, can you tell me what I am doing wrong?
None
Elarcis: oh
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: that should get you started I think. it doesn&acute;t filter yet, but the multiselect works
helllojesus12: @Pyrrhus666, thanks!
helllojesus12: I will update you
Pyrrhus666: helllojesus12: np. you only had some mistakes in the repeat that builds the select.
runtyrobot: If I use the same ng-controller two places on the same page - do these function as seperate entities, or should they be linked in some way shape or form?
Elarcis: runtyrobot: yes, they're independent
Elarcis: runtyrobot: only services are common to the whole app
runtyrobot: and directives ?
antiPoP: nobody? running the timesync standalone demo worked fine
runtyrobot: or am I misunderstanding them?
ngWalrus: they are scoped independently
ngWalrus: as Elarcis said, only services are singletons
runtyrobot: Roger
torbjorn: can I force re-instantiate a service?
icebox: torbjorn: Angular services are singletons
torbjorn: and singletons should/can not be destroyed?
icebox: torbjorn: no
icebox: torbjorn: if you need instances of your objects... there are a few resources in SO
torbjorn: i dont need multipel, i dont care actually, i just wanted to recreat it
torbjorn: *multiple
icebox: torbjorn: add a method to the service/factory to reset the state
torbjorn: my service holds some 8-10 data arrays that it has fetched, and i need to re-fetch all these, so instead of going in and getting each one again, just re-instantiating it might be simpler
icebox: torbjorn: I think you need a refactoring there... if you put fetching phase in a &quot;init&quot; method... you can &quot;re-instate&quot; data on demand
torbjorn: yes
torbjorn: shouldnt be a problem
smiche: what is going on :o, resolve sometimes keeps reference to original object and sometimes not
hemangpatel: Hello, Can i use webpack with lazy loading route ?
smiche: oh nvm, my bad
hemangpatel: I'm using webpack 2.1.0-beta.25 to build bundle. Now i want to use lazy loading feature
None
hemangpatel: icebox, this is diffrent but looking good
icebox: hemangpatel: different? that is lazy loading in angular 2 :) see also &quot;Learn More&quot; section at the bottom
hemangpatel: icebox, What about load module when user hit that module route and chunking in different file
icebox: hemangpatel: that post says &quot;Now the router can preload lazy-loadable modules in the background while the user is interacting with our application.&quot;
icebox: hemangpatel: is it different your use case?
Elarcis: hi Foxandxss!
Foxandxss: yo
Elarcis: lo
Elarcis: HURR DURR
antiPoP: how can I make a component wait to initialize until a service is completely loaded?
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: by initing the service in a resolve on the route ?
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, I dont' have routes in this app
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: then you probably make some. using the resolve feature is the easiest way to do this, afail.
antiPoP: it's just a single screen updating values via socket.io
Pyrrhus666: s/afail/afaik/
Uttam: how can i add progress bar during loading angular application?
icebox: antiPoP: routing doesn't mean you have multiple pages (or views)... routing is a finite state machine
Uttam:  how can i add progress bar during loading angular application? which can shows how many percent the application loaded?
None
None
None
Uttam: it just start and stop progress bar
runtyrobot: Is there some smart way to reload the page/controller when changing page? This being after a login. I can think up a few solutions, but they ain't pretty.
klex22: hi what is a test fixture when youre making tests in angular2?
None
antiPoP: see line 26
zomg: have you tried using an arrow function?
zomg: they use `this` from the containing scope
Pyrrhus666: shouldn&acute;t you be using an =: func
zomg: instead of call-time `this`
Pyrrhus666: dammit zomg ;)
None
ngbot: angular.js/master a6118df Georgios Kalpakas: chore(ng-closure-runner): upgrade to version 0.2.4...
zomg: Pyrrhus666: rekt!
antiPoP: i'll rewrite as an arrow function...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x cce1a73 Georgios Kalpakas: chore(ng-closure-runner): upgrade to version 0.2.4...
Pyrrhus666: zomg: ☑ rekt
zomg: lol
Pyrrhus666: for completeness and future reference : ☐ not rekt ☑ rekt
antiPoP: zomg, Pyrrhus666 that worked, thanks, also fixed the initialization issue :)
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: things like var self = this (or vm = this) should not be used anymore. imho they should  never have existed.
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, right, just there is a lot of new stuff to learn with ng2, ts and es6
Elarcis: antiPoP: granted
JJH_: @icebox are you still here?
None
antiPoP: (although this specific issue was a core js issue , but I messed up)
icebox: map is a reduce returning an array... filter is a conditional map... and so on :)
JJH_: I maybe misspoke earlier my request was to know if you can do E2E test without running your app
icebox: JJH_: hey
JJH_: @icebox hey again
icebox: JJH_: I don't think so
JJH_: @icebox that what i wanted to say by running a server x)
icebox: JJH_: e2e tests are not unit tests... for e2e you need to run your app.
icebox: JJH_: ah ok... well explained now... thanks for the details
JJH_: @icebox that why i asked if a unit test version of E2E existed
JJH_: @icebox but it seems not x/
icebox: JJH_: it depends... if you are testing a controller or a service.. the answer is yes...
icebox: JJH_: but if you test a color of a button, the answer is no
JJH_: @icebox nope it's about testing UI
JJH_: if a button exist etc etc
icebox: JJH_: so the answer is no
JJH_: @icebox ok thanks for the answer and I apologize for the mispoke this morning
JJH_: earlier* cuz maybe it's not the morning for all of us :)
icebox: JJH_: ah well... no problem... my fault :)
JJH_: So thanks everybody and have a nice day ! :)
icebox: JJH_: you too
JJH_: ty
Elarcis: holy shit there was a slide on a screen with a big-ass mistake, and I pointed it out at my colleague... the person who had wrote the slide was right behind me
icebox: Elarcis: it happens :)
jor: starting to dislike typescript.. I'm now starting to double cast any in my code..... ;)
grizzm0: :o
soee: if the app should have interface for registered users and also admins that should be able to manage users and their data, would you  implement it in single app or create separate one for admins ?
None
jor: soee: I prefer seperate admin applications. mainly so the user app can be scaled up seperatly.
soee: jor: i was the same way thinking but needed some confirmation that others also prefer it :)
Null_: hey guys, why can't a form name equal the name of the form's data object?
Null_: like, name=&quot;form&quot; and then data is form.data
alibelhaj: hi
overlord_tm: Is it possible to use angular2 just for parts of webpage? Most of it would be server-side rendered (JSF), but I would like to use angular on few places (without converting everything into single page app)?
icebox: overlord_tm: generally speaking, yes
icebox: overlord_tm: but &quot;parts&quot; are not &quot;apps&quot;
icebox: overlord_tm: so your mileage in terms of dev experience may vary
overlord_tm: icebox, but if I wrap server generated template withing my-app (bootstrap component), it replaces all inner HTML with own template :)
overlord_tm: if i do not include my-app in server template, angular complains about missing it :)
smiche: angular is a framework to build an app, I don't think there's a benefit of having server rendered several small angular apps if that's your idea?
overlord_tm: i would like to have single angular app, that controls just parts of page, not whole
icebox: overlord_tm: you can still use angular in server side rendered environment (jsp, jsf, etc.)
ngWalrus: React or similar would probably be a better fit for just parts of an app
ngWalrus: Angular is pretty monolithic
icebox: ngWalrus: no... it is the same &quot;problem&quot; conceptually&quot;
ngWalrus: but it really isn't
ngWalrus: react is just a view library
icebox: ngWalrus: the point is not the framework... the point is spa vs. server-side rendered
ngWalrus: you could totally render some stuff server side and other things client side
icebox: ngWalrus: exactly :)
ngWalrus: so react would totally be a match here
icebox: ngWalrus: totally no... it is an option... like angular
ngWalrus: angular is a pretty shit option tbh for something like that
icebox: ngWalrus: there is not any advantage with a server side approach
ngWalrus: you're getting a lot of gunk and bloat with angular compared to if you just make some components with react
icebox: ngWalrus: agreed... but still the architettural pattern doesn't fit with a server side rendering
piepl: Good afternoon, any idea where I can find the Router for Angular2 that fits my version ( is it in the core?)
icebox: ngWalrus: my point is... mvc frameworks are for spa :)
ngWalrus: and that' why React would be better
ngWalrus: since it's not a framework
icebox: ngWalrus: frameworks, libs... it is a minor detail
icebox: ngWalrus: from the point of view of the dev there is not a full experience due to the server side rendereing
icebox: ngWalrus: agreed with you with react it would be less pain
icebox: ngWalrus: but it doesn't change the game
icebox: piepl: in the core
piepl: Yup thanks icebox !
icebox: piepl: I mean in the scope @angular
icebox: piepl: @angular/router
soee: in angular 2 what would be the best place to store and share across modules some global settings/constants ?
icebox: soee: pojo
soee: icebox: pojo ?
piepl: Mmm yea, I was looking for @angular/router before. but the version of the package on npm as way newer!
paul___: hi all, if this chat room ok for angularjs 2 questions?
icebox: paul___: yes it is
paul___: icebox: super
icebox: piepl: the versions are different
icebox: paul___: angular 2.1.0... router 3.1.1
None
paul___:  Error: Template parse errors:
paul___: Can't bind to 'routerLink' since it isn't a known property of 'a'.
paul___: so my problem is that I am trying to use the routerLink in a child component (a custom tab component) however i get an error;
paul___:  Error: Template parse errors:
paul___: Can't bind to 'routerLink' since it isn't a known property of 'a'.
None
klex22: what does fixture.detectChanges do?
None
icebox: piepl: got it?
icebox: paul___: resolved?
paul___: icebox: ???? no i get an error Can't bind to 'routerLink' since it isn't a known property of 'a'.
icebox: paul___: see the difference with the tutorial or docs... it seems it is missing something
paul___: icebox: the tab component is child of another component the main child component works ok but I want to have a custom nav within it to route
icebox: paul___: where do you code the component can use the directive routerLink? :)
icebox: paul___: I see only the import
icebox: paul___: and are you sure the syntax is correct?
icebox: paul___: [routerLink]=&quot;['overview']&quot;:Overview/a: ?
icebox: paul___: maybe... directives: [RouterLink] ?
None
icebox: paul___: sorry... pastebin is boring... :) plunker is better
icebox: paul___: I cannot debug pastebin :)
paul___: icebox: sorry not used plunker :-(
icebox: paul___: sorry... but with pastebin we can only guess the solutions... spending a lot of time iterating
paul___: icebox: cant get onto plunker is it down? just thought might be something really obvious :-(
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: did you see my two day histograms? :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: a whole business unit is started to provide timeout-bot report :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: nope, missed it when switching from dsl to fibre I guess :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: haha ! cool :)
None
Pyrrhus666: pretty comparable so far. I guess the weekend will show a much different picture :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: there is almost no activity during the weekend
Pyrrhus666: icebox: has the business unit already figured out what distribution this is ? I realized later poission is more for intervals between events, not lenghts....
icebox: Pyrrhus666: no idea :) yesterday we plotted the density function alongside the probabilities...
icebox: Pyrrhus666: a few quants of mine said me: no paycheck, no distribution :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: fair enough :)
Pyrrhus666: haha, yeah, that kinda figures :)
Elarcis: 188 commits difference between two branches
Elarcis: outch
icebox: merge nightmare arriving :)
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: 2 hours left in the week. you can do it !
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: we're not merging today
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: even less on a friday afternoon
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: also, I'm gone in 45min
Elarcis: :D
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: we had some releases on a friday in the past. WORST.... IDEA.... EVER.... !!!
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed... never releasing during the week or the weekend... :P
Pyrrhus666: icebox: hmm, not during the week, not during the weekend... so, never ? sounds doable ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: :P
icebox: Pyrrhus666: npm, github... continuous release
Sindhu_: Hi, is it good to create models as service or factory ?
Sindhu_: Anyone ?
Pyrrhus666: icebox: so, continuous problems ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: :P
icebox: Sindhu_: it is ok
Preuk: Pyrrhus666: used to work for a bank... release were to be done friday after 5PM &quot;not to disturb business&quot;
Preuk: of course they wouldn't pay for week-end delivery
Sindhu_: @ice_box: Thank you. Posting a question with a hope that would get answer from you :P
None
ngbot: angular.js/master eeb9ef0 Peter Bacon Darwin: chore(gruntfile): check the node version before starting...
senayar: give us plnkr.co back
icebox: Sindhu_: you are welcome
Pyrrhus666: Preuk: I tend to fight for my weekends. mostly, succesfully :)
Pyrrhus666: then again, we&acute;re not in the financial business, luckily
Preuk: Pyrrhus666: we usualy didn't (too expensive for client) but in the end monday morning was usualy all scream and tears
Pyrrhus666: Preuk: and of course them tears were all &uml;your fault&uml;...
Preuk: Pyrrhus666: obviously, it was in now way related to their stupid internal regulations inherited from a computerless time
Pyrrhus666: haha, it&acute;s never _their_ fault. the universal rule of IT.
icebox: the point is not the timing of the deploy... but the architecture not supporting hot deploy :)
Preuk: yep, that's the whole point of using contractors instead of internal keyboard mashers: you can blame them :)
icebox: Preuk: of course, working for a bank, here it is the same :P
Pyrrhus666: icebox: in my experience no such thing exists. it&acute;s a mythical beast ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: github, npm are companies release every minute ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: it is not a myth
Preuk: icebox: well; when you depend on &quot;over-optimized by internal specilists&quot; batch jobs that run for 20 hours a day, that's pretty damn diffucult to do hot deploy :p
icebox: Preuk: sadly agreed
Pyrrhus666: icebox: that&acute;s why I said &acute;in my experience&acute; ;)
Preuk: seen worse: 30h daily batch
Preuk: end up with a 4h batch to clone live prod, then run offline, then try to recile with previous day batch
Preuk: conflit hell
Preuk: conflict
Preuk: (and it was once again in no way related to the fact that their batch was doing a full scan over 10M entries for each line processed, 'cause it was in-house dev, you see?)
None
Elarcis: hahaf
verax5: I wish anguar would throw useful errors :(
icebox: verax5: angular 1 or angular 2?
verax5: how do i check that icebox?
verax5: : (
verax5: seems like 1.5.8
None
icebox: verax5: well... in many cases the message and its link are enough to understand the issue
verax5: well im getting a bigass non readable error
icebox: verax5: any detail?
verax5: something like this:
None
icebox: verax5: perfect... :)
verax5: how do i even  debug it it,s like 10 lines long..
icebox: verax5: no need... follow the link :)
None
icebox: verax5: it is due to myMod module...
verax5: icebox
verax5: but why doesnt it show like properly formatted manner
verax5: it shows error on console, obv i cant even click links
verax5: is it because of minified version?
suyash: hi
icebox: verax5: no idea... usually we follow the link
icebox: senayar: hey
icebox: senayar: sigh... mistell (suyash quit) :)
icebox: in a few minutes... off :)
senayar: fix plnkr icebox, I know you can do it
senayar: :P
icebox: senayar: :P
verax5: ice it shows the error in console right?
verax5: or echoes on page?
icebox: verax5: in the console
verax5: one last questions where can i find non minified version?
icebox: verax5: same url? without .min
klex22: why do i get 'UserService' not provided even if i do 'providers: [{provide: UserService, useValue: userServiceStub }]' in TestBed.configureTestingModule?
cuppy: Hi, all. Both #express and #rest are quiet. Apologies for cross-channeling into a more general chan. How difficult would it be to configure a REST endpoint to respond on a different port depending on the URI? For instance, a call to /services/one responds to the IP on port 8081, and a call to /services/two responds on port 8082
icebox: cuppy: apologies accepted... :) but that is a backend question rather than frontend one :)
None
Mavericks: cuppy: icebox  true
keithbrown: good morning is anyone available
Ryan___: Hi guys, anyone here? Im new here
None
Mavericks: keithbrown: hello
Mavericks: Ryan___: ok
keithbrown: Mavericks: hi
None
keithbrown: Mavericks: im having a scope issue with nested directives, can you take a look?
Ryan___: I just want to ask a question about modules, because right now our platform having a bottleneck on our main module which is app.js,
None
Mavericks: icebox:  I tried it with 1.5.8 but doesn't seem to pick the selected value .could it be an issue with if it's wrapped in a ng-switch
Mavericks: keithbrown: will try
Ryan___: Former developers build the architecture of our platform and they import all css, states, modules in app.js
icebox: cuppy: at last, if I am not wrong, you have a server per port listening
Ryan___: now in our live server app.js or our main module loads at 9s
icebox: Mavericks: no idea... that post you suggested is ver worthy reading about select widget
icebox: *very
Ryan___: is there anyway that we can optimize the speed of our platform?
Mavericks: icebox: yes it was awesome. thanks so much
cuppy: icebox, Mavericks thanks. Does anyone know if it would violate a policy if a call was consumed on a different port than the endpoint's response? For instance: :80/service responds to [origin's IP]:8081
Mavericks: Ryan___: tried checking the performance tab when it loads them all ?
None
Mavericks: Ryan___: in the developer console for ff
icebox: cuppy: CORS
cuppy: icebox, yep. Okay. And I know there are ways around that.
cuppy: Alright thx
icebox: cuppy: you are welcome
keithbrown: cuppy: open your CORS - there is a plugin for testing in Chrome.
Ryan___: @Mavericks, yah i think it loads them all, we use webpack for building the application
icebox: cuppy: next time... #node.js is better :)
cuppy: noted
keithbrown: Mavericks: This is the first time I tried to call a Directive in the template of another Directive...I would like to use the update functionality elsewhere in the app; simply by passing in a notification. should I just add the update methods to Notification? ( i just wanted to change the template of the update button)
viran: Hey, does my nodejs backend (endpoints) and angular2 frontend should be places in a single project or two different ones?
viran: not sure how to create the proper file/directory structure in that case
baako: icebox
icebox: viran: up to you
icebox: viran: project/src/server, project/src/client or project1/src, project2/src depends on the size of the layers, dev workflow, team size and so on
icebox: viran: for the client side you may read code style guides by John Papa or Todd Motto
viran: icebox: is there a skeleton project I can look at and see how they configed the build process .. ? something like npm run server which would result in 'compiling' the client so it would be served from the server
icebox: viran: angular-seed
viran: thanks a lot
None
None
icebox: keithbrown: what is the question?
keithbrown: icebox: I have a notification directive with &quot;update-notification&quot; directive in the &quot;notification&quot; template. The &quot;update-notification&quot; directive's methods dont get called, just &quot;notification&quot; directive's.
keithbrown: icebox: both &quot;notification&quot; and &quot;update-notification&quot; have a controller defined.
icebox: keithbrown: really you should narrow your use case in a few lines of code and provide a plunker reproducing that context... otherwise we stay here for hours guessing and trying virtual solution without any concrete help... furthermore I am off in minutes
None
keithbrown: icebox: honestly im not sure how to do that
icebox: keithbrown: imagine our work... we should copy and paste that source locally... setup a working environment, reproduce the issue... and eventually debug the app
keithbrown: icebox: imagine a box with a button in it. the box has a controller and the button has a controller - the buttons controller is trumped by the box.
keithbrown: icebox: ok
icebox: keithbrown: I can imagine many things... and all work here :)
icebox: off... bye
Mavericks: keithbrown: did you try in the slack channel for ionic by chance ?
keithbrown: no
Mavericks: keithbrown: so the controller
keithbrown: Mavericks: I have slack....
keithbrown: Mavericks: ill give it a try
None
keithbrown: Mavericks: thanks
keithbrown: Mavericks: (were you able to take a look at it?)
Mavericks: keithbrown: i'm not that proficient yet.  will take a look at it in a bit and see if I come across something
dodobrain: is there a way to have a dynamic name for the model?
Mavericks: keithbrown:  yes i took a look at it. what you mentioned here was easy to understand
Mavericks: keithbrown: about button and the box controller as the issue
dodobrain: something like ng-model=&quot;selectedUser+[[userType]]&quot;  ?
keithbrown: Mavericks: great!
keithbrown: dodobrain: selectedUser+{{userType}} provided userType is defined in the controller...(the whole string should be defined in the controller) var ctrl = string(selectedUser + UserType);
keithbrown: dodobrain: $scope.ctrl
keithbrown: dodobrain: ng-model = &quot;ctrl&quot;
dodobrain: ah so setup the concatenation in the controller and just interpolate that value as the name
keithbrown: dodobrain: yeah sorry I was all over the place
keithbrown: dodobrain: but the call in the html would be ng-controller = &quot;ctrl&quot;
dodobrain: keithbrown, what do you mean by the call in the html will be ng-controller=&quot;ctrl&quot; ?
dodobrain: i don;t have anything in the template snippet about ng-controller
dodobrain: its just defined in the directive
dodobrain: keiok i'm having a problem because the template is actually for a directive and the controller for it is defined inline
tangorri: seems that angular-cli npm pack still use deprecated packges ...
tangorri: why don't they udpate dependencies ?
dodobrain: can someone help me out with dynamically naming a simple ngmodel ?
None
dodobrain: if you open up the console you'll see there a strange error
tangorri: dodobrain, remove {{ }} (not sure as I don't code ng2 allready)
dodobrain: this is not ng2
dodobrain: it is ng1.5
tangorri: so remove
None
tangorri: oops
dodobrain: tangorri, maybe i didn;lt explain clearly
dodobrain: i want the name of the model to be dynamic
dodobrain: i.e. in this case selectedUserviewer shoul dbe the name of the model variable
tangorri: hmmm
tangorri: weird
tangorri: do a container maybe $scope.object[varnameyouwant]
tangorri: not sure ng-model directive can interpolate
tangorri: ho you want to specify the model name trough input ok
tangorri: dangerous
tangorri: eval
dodobrain: not from input..
dodobrain: from the directive attr
dodobrain: essentially the reason i wanted to keep a dynamic name was because the same directive will be used multiple time son the same page
dodobrain: so i cannot have the same model name throughout the page
tangorri: ok
None
tangorri: (use link)
tangorri: sorry you need attr
tangorri: why ng-model ?
tangorri: you can observe a attr then do model = $scope.[attrd['model']]; somehting like that
dodobrain: i'm not understanding your example
None
waterfoul: I'm trying to get an angular2 app running and have everything loading via angular-universal. Unfortunately whenever I change routes using a [rounterLink] directive on a link it sends the link to the browser instead of having the router move the page without a reload. I have a base href=&quot;/&quot;: tag in my header. Are there any other things I need for the router to work correctly?
waterfoul: I also have angular-universal loaded and that does load the routes correctly, making it appear that everything is working. Unfortunately the browser is reloading everything on each route change instead of just transitioning from route to route
keithbrown: hey is anyone available?
zomg: keithbrown: if you have a question it's best to just ask it. If I knew the answer to it, I could answer that now instead of asking you for details :)
keithbrown: zomg: I have a nested directive that i seem to be having a scope issue: The edit notification option (slide the list item to the left) does not call the update-notification directive's function on ng-click
None
nishu-tryinghard: keithbrown, iam getting syntax errors
keithbrown: where
nishu-tryinghard: you can check it in your console
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: its because sass isnt installed
nishu-tryinghard: one is in directives.js and another in services.js and both are missing '}'
nishu-tryinghard: Those error are syntax errors it is nothing to do with sass.
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: im not using services.js in the plunkr - looking at the directives
nishu-tryinghard: keithbrown, in my browser the app is not running as there are some syntax errors .
keithbrown: all '}' are accounted for
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: are you using chrome?
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: try it
nishu-tryinghard: in a min
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: its working for me
nishu-tryinghard: post the url again
None
nishu-tryinghard: okay now it works
verax5: hey anyone here uses angular with laravel?
nishu-tryinghard: but it crashed again due to syntax error
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: chrome is magical...lol
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: im not seeing anything
None
nishu-tryinghard: and it works in chrome now
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: im not sure.
nishu-tryinghard: keithbrown, also in updateNotification directive $localStorage is causing error check that once. and what is that you are trying to do?
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: get the &quot;update-notification&quot; directive working...you can remove $localStorage - -its not used here
nishu-tryinghard: now coming to your issue can you tell us more about whats the actual issue?
soee: verax5: yes
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: $scope.showUpdateNotification in the &quot;update-notification&quot; is not being called, but if i define it in &quot;notifiaction&quot; it is - I'm having a scope issue.
verax5: how do ya find it soee?
verax5: is it gool
verax5: good*
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: I think its because i calling a directive in the template of another directive - but i need to do that in this case...
soee: verax5: i think it doesn't matter
soee: angualr is for frontend while laravel for backend
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: I want to use the update- notification directive in another part of the app and simply pass it a notification obj
verax5: I know soee
soee: but i prefere lately to put frontends as a separate angular app and use Lumen as API
verax5: I? meant like interaction with backend
verax5: I used jquery and it was pain displaying dynamic html and data lol
verax5: So I thought I'd try angular
verax5: never used two way data binding but seems like a coo concept
soee: well it was pretty bad concept on large apps in the end
soee: that is way in angular 2 it is handled a bit different
verax5: : O
verax5: well hope I'm in going in a right direction lol
verax5: I just started learning it
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: do you see what im trying to do?
soee: it is worth larning it
nishu-tryinghard: yes i can, and made some changes to code just now so hard to follow one way to avoid such issues is to use controllerAs or follow john papa style guide to know more on that. Let me see the code i didnt understand the issue
nishu-tryinghard: and you made*
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: sorry i didnt follow all of that
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: are you asking something
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: I was going to go back and do ControllerAs - (I've been working on this for 1 year) back in the beginning I didn't know of ControllerAs
nishu-tryinghard: keithbrown, sry iam unable to understand. can you tell me which route we are in which is causing this issue? i just need to route
nishu-tryinghard: the route*
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard:  sorry, the route?
nishu-tryinghard: state, in which state it causes the issue i can see there are four routes(states)  in your app.js config block
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: tab-dash
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: only using tab-dash
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: DashCtrl
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: and the directives
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: did that answer your question?
nishu-tryinghard: keithbrown, yes iam trying to find out why its not able to access the scope but when i inspect the scope in console its not there. \
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: ok great, thanks! Glad we are now on the same page ;)
nishu-tryinghard: keithbrown, i the directive link function is not at all rendered,. sry i dont know whats the causing the issue
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: should be because the template shows
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: and its getting the html from an attribute evaluated in the link function
keithbrown: nishu-tryinghard: thankyou for trying to help.
None
None
keithbrown: seem to be having a scope issue
SecureVirus: Hi
waterfoul: In angular2 is there a way to determine what module has a specific class?
None
captn_ho_: Anyone able to help me understand why I'm unable to use a @types definition within my angular app? It just keeps saying @types/foundation/index.d.ts is not a module.
superpws: Any good sample project in AngularJS2 (on github) that has the home page?
superpws: Basically a project that can be used as a basis for designing/developing  a simple front/home page.
verax5: keep getting module not defined for some weird reason..
None
verax5: any idea guys?
rand0m: try angular.module
rand0m: @ verax5
verax5: oohh fkkk
verax5: where the heck did i bring new from lo
verax5: thanks
rand0m: np
verax5: so how do i loop through this using ng-repeat loop?
verax5:  {&quot;id&quot;:[109,110,111,112,113,114,115,116,122,123,124,131,132,}]
rand0m: hmm tricky
rand0m: not tricky
rand0m: cant do it in my mind
rand0m: will code in a moment
rand0m: here:
None
rand0m: or you could loop through items in items.id
rand0m: if you only need those
rand0m: depends on your options
verax5: thanks alot man
verax5: appreciate it
rand0m: np
verax5: guys how do invoke controller when user clicks a button?
verax5: i mean my controller doesnt have a particular method
rand0m: then you should have a method no?
verax5: random just put a normal method there and put my logic in and call using ng-click right:?
rand0m: yes
rand0m: you should define it like
rand0m: $scope.mymethod = function() { alert(&quot;hi&quot;) };
rand0m: and use
rand0m: ng-click=&quot;mymethod()&quot;
verax5: ohh now i see why it wasn't working lol
verax5: forgot to bind it to $scope
lebster: is there an easy to to cancel all http promises if there is a statechange. I am having an issue where promises come back and the user is on another page so there are scope issues
verax5: rand0m
verax5: is there any method like -:paginate(10) in angular?
verax5: to create pagination
YottaByte: what does the angular thingy majigger? that takes directives like ng-controller and maps them to the javascript files and transforms the {{ }}, etc? is that a node server? or can it be any server? I'm working on a spring boot java web app that uses angular and I'm just curious. I don't think there's a node server running in the background doing that stuff in parallel
rand0m: what do you want to paginae
rand0m: paginate
rand0m: YottaByte, ui-router
verax5: random i have lots of users
verax5: i dont wanna show looong list on same page
rand0m: and how do you have the data coming?
rand0m: in chunks or all at once
verax5: well all ones for now
YottaByte: ui-router works with java? or is that no part of the equation?
rand0m: no it doesnt YottaByte
rand0m: ui router maps controllers with pages
rand0m: pages in the sense files?
None
rand0m: ty that?
rand0m: tr
None
rand0m: YottaByte, are you talking about a headless browser? :s
YottaByte: not sure what a headless browser is.. I
verax5: hmm leme see
rand0m: headless browser is a browser that runs in memory
