kegster: is there a go to angular cms-- basically something i can template and it has all the inner workings of creating pages, etc etc? angular 1 or 2, though i figure 2 may be best (though prob nothing time tested)
kegster: want to put up a nice website but don't want to use wordpress if posible just bc angular has been so nifty thus far :D
zomg: kegster: no, just go with wordpress :P
zomg: at least if you want a &quot;set it up and forget about it&quot; solution that doesn't require fiddling with, wordpress is hard to beat
verax5: so my lil angular app
None
None
verax5: dafuk
vicatcu: hey folks, how do i get webpack to include my referenced html templates and css in @Component annotations?
doug_: hello all. I just pulled down angular project to see if I could help contribute. I got my local machine to npm install, bower install, and grunt package. but when I run the tests, I get 2 failures on svg transclusion related tests.  Can anyone help me troubleshoot what I've setup wrong?
doug_: Oh, and here is the name of one of the tests &quot; $compile svg namespace transcludes should handle custom svg containers that transclude to foreignObject that transclude html FAILED&quot;
heartbur1: g
None
ferrsss: can someone explain where I can look these up
jith: hi
jith: i need to develop a web application using angularjs
jith: hi
jith: everybody there
jith: which is the stable version in angularjs
heartbur1: make some effort and read the channel's topic.
fiddo: hi i was wanting to know which Promise library Angular 2 uses ?
fiddo: how can i find this out ?
uru: fiddo: Promises are native to JS or there's a shim for older browsers
ronald__: hi
ronald__: how to use $templateCache in route using ng-route
ronal: how to user $templateCache in directive
ronal: how to use $templateCache.get(&quot;template.html&quot;) in directive
finishingmove: Guys, I see Angular Universal has examples of how to pre-render angular templates using Node.js or ASP.NET. Is there a solution for PHP/Twig/Symfony?
finishingmove: this is regarding Angular 2 of course
zomg: finishingmove: google angular2 php or something, if you don't get any results, answer is probably no. Ng2 is fairly new at this point so not sure if there's a huge amount of lib support
finishingmove: My question was directed towards Angular Universal deveopers and/or Angular 2 core developers
finishingmove: I've naturally done a bit of searching on Google and Github but found nothing relevant
zomg: I've not seen them here, if there are they're not very vocal about it
GreenJello: finishingmove, in react the two ways to render it from php are from a separate node.js server that just does rendering, or embedded via phpv8
GreenJello: probably the same for angular 2
zomg: Still, if google doesn't know one exists, then it probably doesn't exist. That's usually how things work =)
zomg: But whether one is being developed... hard to say
zomg: Yeah, that definitely seems like the easiest way to go about it... would have to add quite a lot of code just in PHP to do it without invoking node in the process
finishingmove: phpv8 looks very useful here
Axel__: Hi everyone
Axel__: why if I don't specify the component extension in system js I have a 404error?
Axel__: app/main not found... app/main.js work
finishingmove: thanks for the tip GreenJello
Axel__: import {ClientComponent} from './client.component'; doesn't work....
Axel__: import {ClientComponent} from './client.component.js';  it works
Axel__: But why?
zomg: Axel__: I guess systemjs doesn't have default extensions similar to how some other loaders have
zomg: (or maybe it requires you to configure it somewhere)
fiddo: how can i tell which Promise library Angular 2 uses ? which one is it?
zomg: fiddo: probably native promises
azsxdcfv: jnin
azsxdcfv: kjninijn
azsxdcfv: kjnij
zomg: cool
azsxdcfv: good bye
azsxdcfv: take care iam leaving
sentyx: Hi, where i can download latest 'ng-plugins.js', thx !
Sohail_: anyone there?
Andy_____: hello
Andy_____: #angularjs
Andy_____: can someone recommend a good host for MEAN stack?
Docmarten: hola
verax5: im lerning angular
verax5: whats the stable versino
verax5: version
verax5: angular 2 is so different than 1 wtf
Docmarten: verax5: angular was...still is...tough for me.
Docmarten: just when I think i have my head wrapped around it, I start coding something new only to realize I still don't fully grasp it.
Docmarten: mainly the promises stuff
ZeBigDuck: Hi all!
ZeBigDuck: I have [landmarkGroup]=&quot;landmarkGroup&quot; in a component declaration
ZeBigDuck: an in my component, something like this.landmarkGroup = &quot;something&quot;;
ZeBigDuck: at this moment, the parent component could not access landmarkGroup value anymore (because its not passed by reference)
ZeBigDuck: what is the cleanest way to handle changes in parent ? having a second variable on parent and throw event on change in child component ?
ZeBigDuck: Or is it something with two way data binding ?
xzsok:  Hello,  how is it possible to build a Angular2 Project with VS2013? In my company I've to work with Visual Studio 2013 and develope a project with Angular2. I have tried so many tutorials, but I'm getting errors over errors with typescript.  Could you recommend me a tutorial which is working with VS2013 and angular2, please?
None
rajeev: hai
rajeev: hello reply please
rajeev: is any one avaiable
rajeev: available
rajeev: quit
rajeev: has quit
rajeev: hai
rajeev: MEAND
rajeev: MEANS
rajeev: Do you know english
rajeev: Dependency Injection
rajeev: means
rajeev: Hai
rajeev: hai enigma
Docmarten: huh?
nishu-tryinghard: anyone used server side rendering for ng 1?
agronholm: hi, I stumbled upon ag-grid which keeps talking about an &quot;UMD&quot; version of angular2 vs the &quot;CommonJS&quot; version
agronholm: I'm confused &ndash; are they separate packages on npmjs.com?
jor: agronholm: they are separate 'module' types, both are build and put inside the package on npm
agronholm: ok so installing @angular/core (for example) gets me both UMD and CommonJS versions?
agronholm: because I only see core.umd.js in bundles/
agronholm: so where is the commonjs version?
agronholm: my main reason for asking this is that since I'm building an electron app where I can use require() everywhere, is there any point in configuring SystemJS?
agronholm: if angular2 is available as commonjs modules, that shouldn't be necessary
agronholm: jor: ^
jor: ahh yeah, you are right. there's no commonjs in angular2 builds
agronholm: yeah so I wonder what ag-grid's docs were referring to
jor: It's typescript, that outputs to es6 modules. with and umd build
agronholm: hmm
jor: well, electron is basically a browser... so you still need something to load javascript 'modules;
agronholm: jor: it has node integration
agronholm: by default
agronholm: which gives me that require()
agronholm: I can do require() right from index.html
agronholm: been googling myself blue over this and found nothing
jor: well umd is supposed to be 'universal', and should work as a commonjs module
agronholm: so require() is expected to work?
agronholm: let's find out
jor: I think so... but I don't know electron... dunno what they use under the hood to make it work
agronholm: well, require('@angular/common') seems to work
agronholm: I have no idea how though &ndash; the .js files use es6 module loading syntax, how can that work?
jor: require should look in package.json, and pick the main field (or module or jsnest, depending on you module loader)
agronholm: ah, ok
jor: which in this case should point to the umd file
agronholm: it points to bundles/common.umd.js
agronholm: alright, I can get on with the development now
agronholm: should be interesting to see if it works as expected
agronholm: jor: thanks for the info
agronholm: jor: yay, my hello world angular2 app works :)
agronholm: look ma, no SystemJS!
jor: :)
jor: I'm still wondering what electron does/use for it's require function
agronholm: what does node use for it?
agronholm: electron is basically a chromium web view integrated with a node.js runtime
jor: yeah, but how is it integrated... :)
agronholm: I don't know the details
agronholm: the angular2 tutorial could use some updating since typescript no longer needs typings.json (unless I'm horribly wrong)
agronholm: since typescript 2.0, npm install @types/XYZ works
Nasp: Typescript needs typings
agronholm: Nasp: I haven't needed to install that so far
agronholm: the typings are installed via npm
Nasp: Hmm strange
Nasp: yeah
Nasp: Well then you also need typings
Nasp: Ahh you meant the typings.json file
agronholm: that's exactly what I said
Nasp: I thought you meant any typings
Nasp: But you probably mean postinstall script that just does it for you
agronholm: ???
agronholm: does what for me?
Nasp: postinstall script that installs the typings
agronholm: I have no such thing
Nasp: Don't you still have a typings.json file
agronholm: no
Nasp: If oyu look in the directory
agronholm: I don't have that
Nasp: Do you use other pacakges besides angular right now?
agronholm: yes, and this isn't the only project I'm using typescript in
Nasp: Strange
agronholm: why?
agronholm: as I said before, I *am* installing typings for several packages, just via npm, not typings
Nasp: Ahh
Nasp: nvm then
