wrkrcoop: so i have a chat feature on my website, but i want to establish the connection only once and use that connection at anytime the user is on the website &hellip; so should i put the connection method in a factory?
wrkrcoop: will angular use the same class if i do module.exports = new Chat() throughout my app?
zomg: wrkrcoop: module imports load the same thing again each time yes
wrkrcoop: zomg: so lets so im on my profile page, then i navigate awa, and come back to my profile page, will a variable that got set the first time i was there still be there?
zomg: it depends on whether it's a full page load or not
wrkrcoop: zomg: yeah it is
zomg: a full page load (ie. navigating to a different page entirely, reloading the tab, or opening the page in a new tab) throws away everything in the JS runtime
wrkrcoop: damn &hellip;
zomg: why do you need it to keep the same chat object there anyway?
None
wrkrcoop: i want to use the same ws connection as long as the user is logged in &hellip; how should i go about doing that?
wrkrcoop: zomg: because im keeping track of which server the worker is on so that i can send users to them
zomg: Why does it need to be the same server?
wrkrcoop: zomg: so i can send users to them
zomg: Right
zomg: I have no idea what difference that makes, but you could for example save the server ID or worker ID or whatever into local storage, cookies, etc.
wrkrcoop: i mean i guess they can disconnect but then i have to keep updating my directory that tracks them
zomg: and use that information to reconnect the user
wrkrcoop: hmmm that&rsquo;s a good point
wrkrcoop: another option is to store the connection in the rootscope right?
wrkrcoop: i feeel like everyone says stay away from rootScope though
zomg: that won't help with full page loads
wrkrcoop: oh really? damn
zomg: because again a full page load throws away the entire existing page
wrkrcoop: ah ok
zomg: the DOM, JS, everything
wrkrcoop: hmmm
wrkrcoop: i guess ill do what u suggested and just store the server id &hellip;
wrkrcoop: oh man this is frustrating
wrkrcoop: thanks zomg
zomg: there's always the chance that the user would do something dumb to cause a disconnect
zomg: so doing it like this saves you the trouble of having to deal with that separately :)
AlecTaylor: hi
netkam2: how do set the script src=&quot;/controller/my-controller.js&quot;:/script:
netkam2: Cannot GET /js/controllers/portfolios-controller.js
netkam2: is my error
wrkrcoop: it seems like this doesn&rsquo;t work in $rootScope the way i expect it to &hellip; is this in $rootScope going to refer to root?
wrkrcoop: or from where i call $rootScope?
AlecTaylor: netkam2: What's your tree like? - And your config?
AlecTaylor: wrkrcoop: $rootScope is generally a code smell when used per project, what's your use-case?
wrkrcoop: AlecTaylor: when an event occurs i broadcast a message and then take an action
AlecTaylor: wrkrcoop: What type of event?
wrkrcoop: so in my case, i try to authenticate with my chat server, and when they send a message saying yeah ur authenticated i initialize stuff
wrkrcoop: its over ws &hellip; actually now that i think about it i can do this with $http &hellip; and then i dont need $rootSCOPE
AlecTaylor: Exactly
wrkrcoop: haha
AlecTaylor: In fact not $http but $httpInterceptor or whatever
AlecTaylor: ;)
wrkrcoop: AlecTaylor: wait what? $httpInterceptor? ive never heard of it
AlecTaylor: Ah I mean $httpProvider.interceptors
None
fels: anyone here use ionic ?
wrkrcoop: ill check it otu thanks AlecTaylor
None
AlecTaylor: nps
AlecTaylor: fels - #ionic
fels: AlecTaylor: no one there :)
fels: AlecTaylor: is there a mongo channel?
AlecTaylor: #mongo or #mongodb - one of those
fels: i got another easy Q : hoe can i format a date so that it reads like DD - MMM - YYYY HH:MM ?
jabowa: fels, ng 1 or 2?
jabowa: fels, ng 1 or 2?
wrkrcoop: can i use Promise in angular?
AlecTaylor: wrkrcoop: Yes
AlecTaylor: jabowa: 2
AlecTaylor: fels: Filters
None
wrkrcoop: anyone know why?
AlecTaylor: wrkrcoop: Yeah your `regeneratorRuntime` is the issue
AlecTaylor: Maybe include it with babel or whatever? - Or upgrade your TypeScript?
wrkrcoop: AlecTaylor: do u know how to use babel-polyfill in gulp?
None
justPie: Hey all i'm trying to expand my frontend horizons and i came across angular 2. I've used angular1 in the past on small projects just for fun but i'm having trouble grasping angular2.
justPie: Whats the purpose? Would i use angular2 to build an entire web app using only backend api calls?
shark: how to implement reports with angular js
Guest94499: any ideas pls share
Guest94499: how to implement reports with angular js
Guest94499: angular js reports page scroll sorting any good ideas to implement
turtzuo: anyone feeling particularly helpful?
jabowa: turtzuo, Whats good?
None
turtzuo: its all working once ive connected my mysql db, and ive changed the table values to reflect my dataset
turtzuo: there is a form that gets opened when clicking +Add New Product
turtzuo: I've changed those values to reflect my dataset and all is good for entry
turtzuo: I tried moving the form fields out to the top row of the main page table, but lost both cancel and submit button functionality
turtzuo: now this is the first thing I've done with angular so I'm still not very versed on the various components, one thing I noticed is that the submit button text is defined as buttonText, and when called on the main page as {{buttonText}} there is no value displayed within the button
fiddo: is it possible to use Angular 2 dependency injection 'by-itself' ? I have a requirement for a Node app written in Typescript and i would like to use dependency injection (similar ot how Angular 2 uses 'Services')
zomg: fiddo: just import the modules you need and you're done. You really don't need that sort of DI
zomg: for testing, you can still import + stub, or proxyquire + stub, etc. - so there's really not a huge benefit from DI in JavaScript
None
red__: is the dom manupulated when ng-if failed
hemangpatel: Morning
hemangpatel: Hello, I'm injecting router in component as dependency. So in test case i need to provider {provide: Router, useClass: MockRouter}
hemangpatel: Now i'm getting Error in ./LoginComponent class LoginComponent - inline template:29:7 caused by: No provider for ActivatedRoute!
aa6my: @hemangpatel have you inject AtivatedRoute ?
aa6my: @hemangpatel have you inject ActivatedRoute ? #
hemangpatel: aa6my, from when i can import that ?
aa6my: @hemangpatel u mean where?
aa6my: a
aa6my: @hemangpatel google YourController.$inject and also function YourController('Provider')
hemangpatel: aa6my, ok i will check
san37: hello guys
san37: i want to calculate distance travelled by a vehilce based on its latitude and longitude..i have written function for that bt..it gives no result
san37: Can anyone help me?
san37: hello??I need help
lucas_ai: How can I use angularFire on my nodejs server? Using the regular firebase API is unnecessarily cumbersome in comparison.
Elarcis: Hi!
parv: hi!
Stacker: how to deal with angularjs 302 redirect
Stacker: please help me
Stacker: Is
Stacker: 有没有插件可以替换angularjs的http服务的
Hemant: HELP
Guest90857: Ok
Guest90857: I am trying to use ng-crop but it gives an error
icebox: Guest90857: &quot;my car doesn't start&quot; :)
icebox: Guest90857: the first thing I would do is comaring the code of the app with the code in the README of the lib
icebox: *comparing
icebox: Guest90857: secondly I narrow the issue with a minimal wrking example and I would create a plunker
icebox: Guest90857: eventually I would ask in the channel about the exact error pasting the link of the plunker
icebox: Elarcis: hey
None
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: you should have the skills to do that :)
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox ok
parv: nikitabanthiya14: how about a for loop?
nikitabanthiya14: @parv i tried with forloop also didnt workout
parv: nikitabanthiya14: that's sad.
nikitabanthiya14: @parb inside loop its not pushing Cannot read property 'push' of undefined im doing something wrong .. that imnot able to figure out
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: we explained you in the past days, you are confusing objects and arrays... please, review it on mdn docs... (and generally speaking this is a js question) :)
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox i read it ..
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: take your time to read the docs and to practice with a few examples :)
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox already did
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: start with a simple array, then put the array inside an object and so on
nikitabanthiya14: @icebox ya i did .. its working in that case
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: nice... in the same in your next example... :)
nikitabanthiya14: doesnt working out in this case
synapps: Hello
parv: hi!
nikitabanthiya14: nobody sad :/
None
Elarcis: hi icebox
icebox: hey
Elarcis: I love destructuring
LtShinySides: hey guys, just trying to figure out if angular2 even supports this, but can you declare a class method on the &quot;model&quot; and use it on the template?
icebox: LtShinySides: it is the usual way, isn't it?
None
nikitabanthiya14: heyy finally done  !!!!!
nikitabanthiya14: :
nikitabanthiya14: :)
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: congrats
nikitabanthiya14: hahaha i got it what i was doing wrong !! thank you
icebox: nikitabanthiya14: cool! :)
icebox: my yesterday polls were a failure: only one vote :)
icebox: complete disaster! :)
icebox: apollo 13 was a better mission :)
None
Elarcis: SOON
None
None
icebox: Elarcis: nice... I know they port it also in sublime plugin
Elarcis: :D
Elarcis: I like how everybody agrees that typings is a terribly cumbersome solution
Elarcis: 'Let's have a package that runs separately from the project, has a different config for the project, yet is totally redundant with the project's config!'
icebox: Elarcis: yep... vscode rocks :)
Elarcis: icebox: well it's not like it was THAT hard, from the moment you have @typesyour package name: on NPM, an automated tool that takes care of installing/updating types for you isn't a very long shot, but I agree it really helps making VSCode even better
Elarcis: &quot;Big love to the @code team. I've moved over from emacs (using for 12 years) and I don't regret it one bit!&quot;
Elarcis: Ouuuh, that burns
icebox: :P
Pyrrhus666: nah, it&acute;s not like they used vim ;)
icebox: :P
Elarcis: :P
lucas_ai: How can I use angularFire on my nodejs server? Using the regular firebase API is unnecessarily cumbersome in comparison.
icebox: lucas_ai: angularfire is a frontend lib, not a backend one.
red41: help
red41: join
ngWalrus: okay
icebox: call 911?
Pyrrhus666: or 112 ?
uru: International Rescue?
icebox: :P
Pyrrhus666: or state the nature of the emergency perhaps ?
ngWalrus: note to self: never ever let users change the content of their site and mess around with anything in the cms
ngWalrus: basically don't do cms
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s the safest option. no matter how well thought out you think it is, users will fuck it up.
ngWalrus: and if you force users to make all changes through you, you can just keep charging htem
ngWalrus: them*
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s the spirit !
ngWalrus: but mainly to just stop them from fucking up
Elarcis: 0188 999 881 999 119 725...            3
Elarcis: no, wait
Elarcis: 0118 999 881 999 119 725 3
Preuk: ?
Elarcis: regarding calling 911
Preuk: ok, it crowd:)
Elarcis: yess
Elarcis: 'hello? is this the emergency services? ...then which country am I speaking to?'
Elarcis: oh god that recursive computation system is just orgasmic... I can't stress enough how it's heaven compareds to the old copy-pasted system
Pyrrhus666: &uml;this site best viewed in netscape (version 3.0 available now!)&uml;. hilarious...
Preuk: &quot;this site is best viewed in a web browser&quot;
Preuk: &quot;please upgrade your telnet client&quot;
soee_: any of you is using angular2 and have layout that contains 3 or more outlets (for header, content and sidebar)?
icebox: soee_: well... what is the question?
soee_: icebox: i would like to know how can i implement it in angular 2. If there should be main AppComponent that will have inside template 3 outlets and than when the content of each should be loaded etc. For example sidebar content will be pretty static for most pages, content will always change and header sometimes change to to a full or short version
soee_: you can think of it as a bit different &quot;layouts&quot; for some routes
icebox: soee_: really your question is more related to how to organize the views (rather than how to implement them)
icebox: soee_: Victor Savkin's blog contains a lot of info about routing
icebox: soee_: you have a tree of components and it seems how you outlined the components seems a feasible way
arnsa: hello
None
soee_: icebox: right, i have his book, but had no time yet to finish it
None
arnsa: icebox, yeah, but it looks pretty complicated :D
icebox: arnsa: so... your best bet is google :)
arnsa: icebox, :(
arnsa: icebox, what if I don't use it as a directive?
icebox: arnsa: for dom manipulation a directive is a must, the rest is bad practice
arnsa: :( I see
arnsa: thanks
soee_: when configuring module routes, can i redirect from path &quot;&quot; to path &quot;/foo&quot; ?
Elarcis: soee_: what module routes? typescript?
icebox: soee_: I think you are referring to base path
dasht: this is a general question: is the a simple way to load a report with a lot of rows, and make it light. because when i have about 150 rows, all other simple animations became very slow.
None
icebox: dasht: however if you have performance issues, you need to profile your app
dasht: icebox: thanks for the info
dasht: icebox: but i'm trying the reformulate the report
Elarcis: dasht: if you're using angular 1, you can try to optimize the rendering by setting one-time bindings (not one-way, one-time) on values that will never change for each item
Elarcis: dasht: if it's just a report, I guess that a lot of values will be readonly and loaded only once
dasht: Elarcis: ok, thanks for the help
soee_: icebox, Elarcis: nope. In my main app controller i'm loading children routes for path 'foo' from module. And when hitting route 'foo' i wanted to redirect to 'foo/bar' and this is done simply by defining in module routes: { path: '', redirectTo: 'bar' }
ashwinkumar: !help: How can I get template from server and render components on the fly.
ashwinkumar: For example server returns app-menu:/app-menu:. It should then be rendered as component.
soee_: ashwinkumar: if you have component app-menu defined in app it will just render
ashwinkumar: Since the call is asynchronous, promise is being assigned to the template instead of returned value.
Elarcis: ashwinkumar: angular1 or 2?
ashwinkumar: 2
Elarcis: ashwinkumar: no idea then, sorry
ashwinkumar: No problem Elarcis
ashwinkumar: Is there a way I can tell the component to render only after the promise is resolved.
senayar: yes it's called resolve on router ashwinkumar :p
akkonrad: how to configure angular2 (with serverjs) to be able to include scss as styleUrls param in Component?
ries: what&rsquo;s general best parctise: 1) Have a directive manage it&rsquo;s own resource, eg, get&rsquo;s it&rsquo;s objects from the server and display it. or&hellip; 2) Let some main routine fetch the object and send it as a model to the directive?
senayar: it's depend if the data need to be shared between multiple component or directive ries
Elarcis: akkonrad: I believe serverJS doesn't handle package bundling, and your request is quite related to that
ries: senayar: In this case they are just 3 different number comming from the same resource but are shown at different locations on the screen
akkonrad: Elarcis, so I should just use gulp/grunt instead?
Elarcis: akkonrad: I only know one tool that compiles imported files based on their extension: webpack
Elarcis: akkonrad: there might be others though, provided some compromises are done
Elarcis: ries: use services for server communication
Elarcis: ries: it's not of the concern of the directive to contact the server
senayar: well if the data is used between 3 directives/components you can pass the data as attribute/bindings to your directive/component and just fetch it on the top controller
ries: Elarcis: senayar gotcha&hellip;
None
arnsa: hm, sorry, wrong link
newbie__: hi
None
arnsa: It's causing error: maximum call stack exceeded
arnsa: but when I don't run it as an angular directive, everything is fine
arnsa: any thought why?
Elarcis: arnsa: I got disconnected, did you post the right link?
None
Elarcis: ha
arnsa: Elarcis, sorry, irc turned off out of nowhere
Elarcis: arnsa: I know that feeling
arnsa: Elarcis, OS X decided to install updates without even asking me
arnsa: but I somehow canceled it
Elarcis: arnsa: what does that plugin do precisely? I can't really wrap my head around it
None
arnsa: example nr.2
Elarcis: arnsa: ha
arnsa: Elarcis, when I run this code without angular, everything works fine, but as soon as I put it inside a directive, line 161 is causing error: maximum call stack size exceeded
Elarcis: arnsa: ok, then: I believe your jQuery is altering the ngModel of the input, triggering changes which in turn trigger jQuery, etc.
Elarcis: arnsa: of course I can't be certain without a (non) working example
Elarcis: arnsa: although if you're only wanting to reproduce the 2nd effect, I'd recommend ditching this plugin completely and just use a single angular directive to do that, it's quite easy with formatters
arnsa: Elarcis, I tried that, it was really buggy :/
Elarcis: arnsa: buggy is not an issue, it's a consequence :P
arnsa: Elarcis, so I thought it would be simpler to just port the code
arnsa: Elarcis, I've got a feeling that I am really not far away from making it work
Elarcis: arnsa: you can do that very effect with only a few lines
arnsa: Elarcis, so how come this guy needed a bunch of lines?
creasse: hi
creasse: #a
Elarcis: arnsa: he wasn't using jQuery
Elarcis: *angular
arnsa: Elarcis, so how is it easier with angular?
arnsa: can you give me any hints or examples?
Elarcis: arnsa: yes
None
arnsa: here's a working example btw
None
Elarcis: arnsa: you can use parsers and formatters to change the way models are shown, and how view values are returned to the model
arnsa: Elarcis, see, that's the biggest issue - timeouts
arnsa: that's the toughest part
Elarcis: arnsa: i timed out indeed
arnsa: :D
arnsa: did you see what I wrote?
Elarcis: arnsa: I meant to say: not that hard in that case. just store an _obfuscatedPassword that you generate at each keypress with the _clearPassword
Elarcis: arnsa: on a $timeout, it just turns everything to '*' or what have you as a password char
arnsa: Elarcis, no, what I want is.. let's say user types in letter &quot;a&quot;, so &quot;a&quot; is shown. But immedietly after that he types in &quot;b&quot;, so &quot;a&quot; is hidden and b is shown. But if after typing &quot;b&quot; he doesn't type anything else, &quot;b&quot; is hidden after like 2 or 3 secs
Elarcis: arnsa: exactly
arnsa: porting this code seems like an easier task :D
arnsa: because I am not really sure how these formatters work and I don't have much time left
arnsa: Elarcis, can you please take a look at that plunker?
Elarcis: arnsa: I looked at it and I didn't get a line, sorry
arnsa: Elarcis, what do you mean? You can't understand the code?
arnsa: Elarcis, btw I was looking at your code
None
arnsa: I didn't get it at all :D
arnsa: you don't even set _clearPassword
Elarcis: arnsa: I'm commenting it
None
Elarcis: arnsa: I haven't tested it though
Elarcis: arnsa: also, that's not a plunkr, that's a jsfiddle
arnsa: Elarcis, well, it's pretty clear to me how to replace characters with *. The toughest part is timeouts for me
Elarcis: arnsa: on key press, reset the previous $timeout and start a new one of 2000 millisec that will obfuscate the whole password
Elarcis: arnsa: if no key is pressed, it will replace everything by * after 2 secs, if there is a new keypress, the $timeout is reset and the last character is still visible
arnsa: Elarcis, what do you mean by obfuscate?
Elarcis: arnsa: obfuscating is turning content hard to read, in this case replacing chars with '*'
arnsa: oh
Elarcis: arnsa: I reckon my solution doesn't take into account if the user types his char in the middle of the password. I guess you'd have to find every non-star character and their index in the string, and put them in the right place, still with match()
Elarcis: arnsa: I hate fancy password components. why can't customers have standard password fields like everybody else.
arnsa: Elarcis, yeah...
arnsa: Elarcis, sec, let me try what you've suggested
arnsa: I still have some time
arnsa: Elarcis, Elarcis: arnsa: on key press, reset the previous $timeout and start a new one of 2000 millisec that will obfuscate the whole password ---- so if I type in &quot;asdasdsa&quot; really fast, I'll see all of the letters for 2 secs
arnsa: that's not what I want
Elarcis: arnsa: &quot;Elarcis, no, what I want is.. let's say user types in letter &quot;a&quot;, so &quot;a&quot; is shown. But immedietly after that he types in &quot;b&quot;, so &quot;a&quot; is hidden and b is shown. But if after typing &quot;b&quot; he doesn't type anything else, &quot;b&quot; is hidden after like 2 or 3 secs&quot;
Elarcis: arnsa: so you want only the last typed char to be visible at most 2 seconds
arnsa: Elarcis, yes
Elarcis: arnsa: if you typed 'asdasdsa' with only the timout, yes, that's what you'd see
Elarcis: arnsa: except you forgot there's also the parser code, which replaces everything but the last char by a '*'
ries: In angular, can I define a template that just acts as a wrapper around a other template?
Elarcis: ries: you mean a template?
Elarcis: :P
ries: Elarcis: perhaps hahaha&hellip; let me check...
None
arnsa: Elarcis, yay, finally made it work
arnsa: Elarcis, now I just need to fix that bug when user types into the middle of password
what: Hi
Guest72843: oh MG
Guest72843: ohk
Guest72843: yyyy
Preuk: Guest72843: you ok? shall we call 0118 999 881 999 119 725 3?
Elarcis: oh wow, the /= ligature of PragmataPro took me by surprise
Elarcis: it is GORGEOUS
arnsa: Elarcis, hm, I have another problem
Elarcis: hm?
arnsa: Elarcis, I've used scope.watch() to watch for user input, but now let's say I have 3 password fields, so everytime I type something into any password field, code in scope.watch() gets executed 3 times :D
Elarcis: arnsa: that's bad
arnsa: Elarcis, I know, how can I prevent that?
Elarcis: arnsa: given the code you've shown (spoiler: you didn't) I'd say don't use watchers
arnsa: Elarcis, so how else do I detect input change? ngModel?
None
Elarcis: arnsa: $viewChangeListeners
arnsa: Elarcis, thanks, I'll try that
Elarcis: arnsa: be sure to use push() on it to add your watching function, like for parsers and formatters
None
Elarcis: ries: yes you are, check your console
Elarcis: ries: ngTransclude is not a directive, it's a tag to put in a directive that transcludes content
icebox: Elarcis: busy today :P
ries: Elarcis: I have seen my console&hellip; but I am not sure what angular is trying to say to me
nimomo: Hi, I've changed from hashtag mode to html5mode and have issues with the ngnix config which takes care on PhantomJS.. Anyone here could help me with this issue? Can I share with you my Ngnix config?
ries: Elarcis: but I am getting the gist that I can onluse us transclude with a directive?
arnsa: Elarcis, yeah, that worked brilliantly, thanks!
nimomo: The rendered pages are wrong and it's not clear to me what exactly the reason.
AlecTaylor: hi
nimomo: Elarcis: could you please help me with the issue above?
Elarcis: nimomo: sorry, I won't be of any help with that issue
seu_barriga: hello, I'm trying to create and inject a service, but when I run the application, I get the weird error &quot;No Directive annotation found on SharedService&quot;. I don't have any directives and I'm using angular2
Elarcis: ries: yes, and in your case yo'ure not
nimomo: Elarcis: who could help with this in your opinion?
Elarcis: nimomo: no idea
nimomo: so I have an another question
nimomo: how would you support bot requests for angular app pages?
nimomo: I don't understand something
nimomo: if you want that your open graph tags will hold {{angular variables}} so how you render the page for the bot (for example for FB bot) ?
icebox: nimomo: for SEO?
icebox: nimomo: prerender.io and google &quot;angularjs SEO&quot;
nimomo: for rendering open graph tags (assume you want to show the link with the page image and link)
nimomo: icebox:  but prerender.io costs money. not?
icebox: nimomo: no idea... google is your best bet to get a few resource about that theme
nimomo: icebox: I already have searched many times :)
icebox: nimomo: if I understood correctly... otherwise rephrase your request
nimomo: I'm just interested to learn from experienced Angular developers
icebox: nimomo: the point is... what?
icebox: nimomo: SEO?
nimomo: I have a website based on AngularJS 1. The website visitors sometimes share links from the website on FB, Linkedin or Twitter .
nimomo: and the open graph tags are built from Angular fields - for example {{model.url}} , {{model.title}}
nimomo: on facebook shared link it will show {{model.url} instead of the real title
Pyrrhus666: icebox: you have experience with prerender.io ? the idea sounds brilliant :)
icebox: nimomo: really I don't understand it... a link is a link... if you click on the link the page is rendered
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I don't use seo
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I don't buy the idea behind seo
icebox: nimomo: any example?
nimomo: icebox: if you share a link on fb so FB bot request for the page data, right? in order to show image and website data
icebox: nimomo: &quot;The website visitors sometimes share links&quot; or &quot;FB bot request for the page data&quot;? people or bot?
nimomo: people
icebox: nimomo: are we talking about seo or anything else?
icebox: nimomo: so people... why do you cite bot?
Pyrrhus666: icebox: it&acute;s not really SEO (as in the O) when you just want to have your site indexed in the first place ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: what do you mean?
nimomo: because facebook bot is trying to fetch the page data
nimomo: for example
None
icebox: nimomo: I don't use fb
nimomo: so linkedin? :)
icebox: nimomo: and here that link works ok
Pyrrhus666: icebox: afaik the O stands for optimization, as opposed to just having your site indexed by search engines.
nimomo: there is not a problem with the link
wafflejock: prerender.io works
wafflejock: can run it yourself too
nimomo: the problem is with the view of the link
wafflejock: not a huge problem and helps with the facebook sharing and indexing
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: really I don't understand what is the point
nimomo: icebox: do you see that there is an image, title and description?
icebox: nimomo: I see... and?
icebox: nimomo: angular pages are not rendere correctly there in the preview?
nimomo: right
wafflejock: nimomo, prerender.io handles that fine
nimomo: wafflejock: but it costs money... not
nimomo: ?
icebox: nimomo: perfect... ask in facebook channel :)
wafflejock: nimomo, you can run the node service yourself if you don't want to pay
wafflejock: nimomo, they give you the code and setup instructions
nimomo: icebox: hahha.... so I will need also to ask on linkedin, twitter and all the social networking channels.
icebox: wafflejock: prerender solves it... but the point is the facebook preview :)
wafflejock: icebox, eh I had to do it for a client recently
icebox: nimomo: really?
nimomo: icebox: yes
icebox: nimomo: I don't think so
icebox: nimomo: do you know how it works fb preview?
seu_barriga: hello, I'm trying to create and inject a service, but when I run the application, I get the weird error &quot;No Directive annotation found on SharedService&quot;. I don't have any directives and I'm using angular2
Pyrrhus666: icebox: we want to have our sites indexed. as it&acute;s angular, that&acute;s not possible (except google). so you need either server side rendering or a service like prerender. this has nothing to do with SEO, as we&acute;re not optimizing. that is all.
nimomo: icebox: I've tried it on Linkedin as well.. and there is also an issue. till now I use PhantomJS as a backend server in order to render static pages with the open graph tags.
None
nimomo: wafflejock: so you recommend to me to install prerender.io server? why not use the PhantomJS directly?
wafflejock: FB seems to infer a decent amount without explicit OG tags or I forgot I put them in there
nam_: helllo
wafflejock: nimomo, it's just a small node wrapper around using PhantomJS nothing super special
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ok... I see the misunderstanding... intending seo, something (a bot, people with a browser) rendering correctly the page
nam_: i have one question
wafflejock: nimomo, just waits for angular to bootstrap and has the option to set a flag so you can manually trigger it to take the &quot;snapshot&quot; later if needed
icebox: Pyrrhus666: that is the first step to optimize the page
nam_: ????????????????????????
wafflejock: nimomo, the prerender.io service just makes it so you don't have to manage that process and they cache the processed pages to make the response to sites requesting it faster
nimomo: wafflejock: not sure I got this - &quot;just waits for angular to bootstrap and has the option to set a flag so you can manually trigger it to take the &quot;snapshot&quot; later if needed&quot;
Pyrrhus666: icebox: ah ok, I see your point :) when we did server side stuff, we didn&acute;t optimize. we only want the status quo to keep working (that is : sites being indexed). our customers are happy when we make sure that works ;)_
icebox: nimomo: but why are you worried about fb preview? when people clicks on the link, they are redirected to the page and eventually it is rendered correctly
Elarcis: &quot;????????????????????????&quot; is pretty intense, but still not a question
Elarcis: I still can't get how these people work
Elarcis: entitlement at its best
icebox: Pyrrhus666: this is the point... we are not talking about seo, generally speaking... but how to render on server side an angular page :)
icebox: Elarcis: I ignore them
nimomo: icebox: because people post the link with angular {{}} and it looks bad
icebox: Pyrrhus666: and rendering on sever side is not related with fb preview... this is totally confusing
icebox: nimomo: a link doesn't contain any {{}}
Pyrrhus666: icebox: haha, I was just triggered by the fact that prerender.io is an existing service. I wasn&acute;t following the rest of the discussion _at_all_ :) sorry for the confusion ;)
icebox: nimomo: go to twitter, choose angularjs and click on any link... it is ok :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: sorry... not you :)
icebox: nimomo: you are saying fb preview is wrong... ok, I think it is fb fault... but if you click on that preview the browser opens or redirects toa page with an angular app rendered correctly
icebox: nimomo: otherwise give me an example what you are saying... because I am totally confused
nimomo: icebox: just moment... I will provide an example
None
None
icebox: wafflejock: it is not pubblic... no fb user here
None
wafflejock: nimomo, can't recall what the flag part was but found it in a blog somewhere I think about having it delay for longer for some outstanding requests or stuff to be completed
wafflejock: nimomo, typically just installing it works fine though the default config waits long enough for content to be populated
None
nimomo: wafflejock: can I share with you my config file? maybe you will know to help... this is very similar to prerender.io nginx config file.
wafflejock: nimomo, yeah paste it here not sure I can help on that particular part, usually takes some fiddling to get the redirect right
antiPoP: I'm using the mgechev seed, and when I modify a template,  and te page is reloaded via browser-sync, I get &quot;(index):49 Error: (SystemJS) Unexpected token  in JSON at position &quot;, but I I run npm start it works. Why this?
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: I guess you should look at the actual json that is delivered when the error occurs to see what&acute;s wrong.
dman777_1lter: for protractor testing and page objects, should I go with astrolab or the native page objects in protractor?
wafflejock: antiPoP, unexpected  usually means a HTML file was served something that starts with html: when it expected JS, why that happened like Pyrrhus666 said takes more digging in the response and all
None
daedeloth: so
daedeloth: we're using beta9
daedeloth: and router doens't do anything in internet explorer 9
wafflejock: nimomo, did you try to just use curl against the prerender process/host:port to see that you get the right response assuming the redirect is right?
uru: daedeloth: You might want to upgrade
daedeloth: we're very afraid of that :)
None
uru: daedeloth: Then you're going to be a bit stuck then imo, seeing that the latest release is 2.1.1
Pyrrhus666: daedeloth: beta9 or angular, or angular-router ?
antiPoP: but i tried the andular-seed without changes, and it seems working fine
Pyrrhus666: daedeloth: s/or/of/
-nimomo- wafflejock: I have changed from hashtag mode to html5mode... and yes I tried to curl PhantomJS and I get wrong response.
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: we we&acute;re looking for the malformed json leading to this error.
daedeloth: Pyrrhus666, I think back at beta.9 it was combined?
daedeloth: &quot;angular2&quot;: &quot;npm:angular2 at ^2 dot 0.0-beta.9&quot;,
icebox: nimomo: when you click on that link the page is rendered correctly?
Pyrrhus666: daedeloth: that answers the question ;) that is indeed very old.
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, how can I find it? This happens everytime I make a change to a template (even adding an space)
None
Pyrrhus666: daedeloth: lots of breaking changes in the RCs after that....
daedeloth: yea, exactly, upgrading will be hugely painful
nimomo: wafflejock: and I get in the nginx log - &quot;GET /index.html/dashboard/2 HTTP/1.1&quot; 404&quot;
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: your browser&acute;s network inspector...
daedeloth: s/will/would
uru: daedeloth: What Pyrrhus666 said. imo best to upgrade now as you are only going to run in to more issues later on
nimomo: icebox: yes, through the browser.
daedeloth: well the project is 99% finished, IE compatability is the next 90%
icebox: nimomo: ok... this confirms the problem is fb preview
nimomo: icebox: but I know it...
uru: daedeloth: Unfortunatly you might not have any other options
nimomo: icebox: fb doesn't know to render angular pages... so it's also a big issue for all angular websites.
icebox: nimomo: I don't think so :) it depends on the page :)
None
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, I can't find any json file in my browser inspector
antiPoP: wait
wafflejock: nimomo, that seems like a relatively straightforward way to do it, maybe give that shot
None
nimomo: wafflejock: already have seen that. is this good also for an installed prerender server?
antiPoP: but these are js files
icebox: nimomo: we came back to square one (that's seo): google &quot;angularjs in facebook preview&quot;
wafflejock: nimomo, only difference really should be they expect a header to be set for the service to validate it's you and for it to redirect to them instead of your instance so should work fine
nimomo: icebox: but it's not an issue on fb.. it's an issue on all the social netowrking websties who shows open graph tags.
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: that&acute;s still not the offending json is it ?
icebox: nimomo: The Facebook Scraper only looks at the HTML code your server delivers, it does not execute any JavaScript.
antiPoP: no, this is te full trace I see in the console
wafflejock: icebox, eh it's what everyone did before angular really
None
wafflejock: icebox, google started processing things only cause it can :)
nimomo: wafflejock: which header?
antiPoP: exports.Config = JSON.parse('%= ENV_CONFIG %:');
verax5: &quot;[Vue warn]: Component template should contain exactly one root element:&quot;
verax5: what does that mean any idea?
wafflejock: nimomo, it's commented out in the link #proxy_set_header X-Prerender-Token YOUR_TOKEN;
None
icebox: nimomo: that post explains a feasible solution for your use case
wafflejock: icebox, I looked at that too and then decided to just run prerender on the server in pm2 :)
icebox: wafflejock: I see... the approach is similar :)
nimomo: wafflejock: ah... the token is for the prerender service which costs money. not?
wafflejock: yah it's similar but more manual work
antiPoP: so what's the issue here? the seed works fine however...
nimomo: wafflejock: what should I change there in order to use my installed prerender server?
wafflejock: nimomo, if you redirect to their server they expect the token, if you have them cache a lot of pages they expect you to pay or they drop some cached pages
wafflejock: nimomo, just change where it redirects to in the end to be your local server instead of their domain
nimomo: wafflejock: I don't need to cache the pages. just to render them to the social netowrks.
nimomo: the pages
wafflejock: nimomo, yeah I hear you I did the same no token just points to the local running service
nimomo: wafflejock: okay
wafflejock: nimomo, can use pm2 to keep the node service running in case it bails for whatever reason too
nimomo: wafflejock: what about case that you have to change the url (redirection)
wafflejock: nimomo, not sure what you mean by that?
wafflejock: like with HTML5 mode or something else?
None
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: where does this %= ENV_CONFIG %: come from ? is that something that should be interpolated server-side ?
nimomo: wafflejock: sorry, I will explain
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: it certainly is invalid json :)
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, idk, it's from the original seed, and seems so,
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, but the original seed works fine
nimomo: wafflejock: for example - I have a link website.com/p/1231 and after Angular reads it it redirect to website.com/?parm=blalba&amp;parm=2  . How can I to make sure prerender will reach to the final link?
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: then it seems the interpolation is busted on a reload... no idea why though
wafflejock: nimomo, ah you mean like you have redirects defined in your ui router state config?
wafflejock: nimomo, I think it will handle it as is it basically has a bunch of timeouts for waiting for requests to finish and javascript to stop executing before it sends the page
None
wafflejock: nimomo, think the flag was on window called prerenderReady if my memory just decided to serve me correctly but might have been for an old version the docs just show the timeouts
wafflejock: nimomo, would set the flag to false at the top of the JS somewhere and set it true once the page was done but again might have been for an older version, the new one I just dropped in and was working for my case but no redirects yet
Pyrrhus666: antiPoP: seeing as the issue is closed, it&acute;s a problem on your end ?
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, yes, and seems that same issue
None
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, i guess I can upload my current code to somewhere is somebody want to take a look, just it's not
antiPoP: very good.. i'm still learning
antiPoP: Pyrrhus666, there was a env.config.js and map files withte ts, I deleted these, and now works
icebox: off bye
guna: hi
guna: can anybody list the angularjs supported IE browser verstions
klex22: hi, why doesnt my .catch of observable catch a 'mocked' response which is: new Response({body: '{}', status: 400, type: ResponseType.Error})? instead it goes through to map etc like i didnt get an error response
klex22: sry that above is ResponseOptions instance which is passed to new Response
None
klex22: wafflejock: tnx
anotheryou: Hi, I want to do an ng-if for if a filtered list is empty. Now how do i build the equivalent to something like &quot;| filter: {property:true}&quot; in the ng-repeat to something like &quot;contains&quot; for the ng-if?
anotheryou: I simply want to show a pretty empty state if there is nothing to show
anotheryou: (ng 1.5.x)
angrybacon: We have a maincontroller that has several sub-controllers. I'm trying to understand why the sub-controllers use functions that are defined in the maincontroller. I fail to see why they aren't defined in a service or something instead. Anything I could have been missing?
elimin8r: boobies or get out
Germanaz0: Hello, I am using showdown and hammerjs, using angular2, but when I do ng build -prod and put it into a server, it throws an error, saying DevTools failed to parse SourceMap
Germanaz0: of hammer.js.map and showdown.js.map
subone: I'm trying to use ui-router or any other library to match an arbitrary URL against a URL pattern. Anyone know how I can do that?
subone: Unfortunately, it looks like ui-router's UrlMatcher::exec doesn't accept an actual URL
pierrybos: Hi all, how can I cancel all currents http requests?
f0ru0l0rd: I know this may sound very rude and may piss people off, but can anyone tell me why the quickstart sucks so badly?
f0ru0l0rd: copying all the code and running it as told just crashes repeatedly
f0ru0l0rd: it's 100% reproducible if anyone just follows the quickstart from step 1.
f0ru0l0rd: I've barely managed to learn ES5, now I'm having to learn a huge curve to get all this working, and the stupid quickstart won't even work
f0ru0l0rd: I'm ready to just say screw it all! Not even your own guide works! I've tried literally 15 different learning systems, and all have massive errors from one range to another, and I'm already over my head. I finally thought I'd just go to the source to learn, but no... angular.io/quickstart doesn't even work right!
tobias: f0ru0l0rd: the qs worked fine for me
tobias: used it as a bootstrap for my project about a week ago
tobias: also, since the last few releases, imo the quality of the error messages you get in the browser console has gone up tremendously. do check if you get an error and what it is.
tobias: please note i'm not a developer - just another user that went through a similar struggle as you're going through right now.
tobias: learning a new technology - especially getting through the steps to get a simple 'hello world' going - can be enerving.
f0ru0l0rd: I hear you, but following all the steps, copying all the code, still gives me an error. This isn't the way the web was supposed to be! Breaking on every simple alpha and a simple change causing the whole web to break!
Igor_: J
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 21ac2c4 emed: docs(error/ueoe): add another possible cause...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x c1bfe43 emed: docs(error/ueoe): add another possible cause...
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 6a33749 Allan Watson: docs(orderBy): clarify behavior of default comparator wrt `null`...
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 35f9123 Allan Watson: docs(orderBy): clarify behavior of default comparator wrt `null`...
kyoob: anyone have any pointers about setting up karma in an app that has an angular cli front-end and an express backend?
kyoob: should be able to run test suites separately, right? i just can't figure out how to configure it.
wafflejock: kyoob, where are you stuck?
wafflejock: kyoob, also what do you mean by angular cli frontend? I'm not familiar with that are you using angular 1.x or 2.x?
kyoob: wafflejock: i've created an angular 2 app using angular-cli
wafflejock: kyoob, ah gotcha... for angular 2 questions you'll want the gitter from the angular.io footer
kyoob: wafflejock: i added a separate folder to the project caled `node_server` and put an express server in there, along with some custom middleware
kyoob: ah okay, i'll check it out
kyoob: thanks!
wafflejock: kyoob, the karma tests should be runnable without any of the backend parts working really since it's meant for running unit tests but don't know the details of configuring it for ng2
wafflejock: kyoob, no prob
