lucas_ai: How can I use angularFire on my nodejs server? Using the regular firebase API is unnecessarily cumbersome in comparison.
wafflejock: lucas_ai, angular 1.x modules can't be run server side without some serious hacking through PhantomJS or something
lucas_ai: wafflejock, does it have to be 1.x?
lucas_ai: isn't 2.x retro-compatible anyways?
None
lucas_ai: how come I can't just use angularfire without the bloatware?
wafflejock: lucas_ai, with 1.x during bootstrap it's hooking into the DOM right away for listing for the DOMLoaded event to fire off the bootstrap process and all the directive parts expect a DOM
wafflejock: lucas_ai, it might not be too terrible to pull apart the angular fire code depending on how it was written
wafflejock: lucas_ai, if someone writes a module/component as basically plain JS objects that are then &quot;put into&quot; the framework by wrapping them in .service or whatever for the injector then it might be not impossible to take a apart but just depends on how tied it is to $http and promises and how much work it will take to swap out those parts or other angular specific things
None
Tyb: Hello, Looking for some advice to see if Angular is the right choice for what I'm trying to accomplish.
anheru: Hi I'm new in Angularjs, i'm trying to do this: div ng-include src=&quot;'../../../UserControls/Customer/ctrChooseCustomers.htm'&quot;:/div:
anheru: but browser return this Error: expected expression, got ''
iateadonut: Tyb, yes, yes it is.
sdo: hello
sdo: I would like to use angular.js 2. I installed it and run it with npm start. It works fine. I have server Apache but when I enter the url (on localhost for test) it does not work. Is there a way to use apache and angular js 2. Angular js 1 is ok but I  would like to use angular js 2. Thanks in advance
None
Me4502: My form just ends up being filled with driver.full_name, rather than the actual contents
sdo: Hello, I would like to use angular.js 2. I installed it and run it with npm start. It works fine. I have server Apache but when I enter the url (on localhost for test) it does not work. Is there a way to use apache and angular js 2. Angular js 1 is ok but I  would like to use angular js 2. Thanks in advance
lucas_ai: wafflejock, what would you recommend I do then, to access my firebase db easily from nodejs?
daslicht: :D
dunkel2: hello
dunkel2: have you guys used electron-packager with angular 2 app made with angular-cli ?
Elarcis: Hi!
Elarcis: hi ngWalrus
dunkel2: hi
san37: hello..can someone help me?thw method I created iin my service when accessed through my controller it says type Erroor tripFactory.getDistance is not a function
san37: hello anyone?
ngWalrus: could  be a number of things
ngWalrus: could you make a minimal plunkr showcasing your issue
ngWalrus: !help
None
san37: yes..give me a minute
None
san37: ngWalrus..please check that link
san37: hello ng-walrus???are you there?
ngWalrus: looking at your code at the moment
zomg: san37: it's saying tripFactory.getDistance(...).success
zomg: not getDistance
zomg: you're not returning a $http promise from getDistance, thus it doesn't have a success property
None
san37: ngWalru..I see no change there
san37: Thank you..zomg
ngWalrus: whoops
ngWalrus: forgot to fork it
ngWalrus: but what zomg said
san37: zomg or ngWalrus  could yo explain it to me?
zomg: san37: it returns a number
zomg: number isn't a promise
zomg: I'm not sure how else to explain it :)
Elarcis: san37: this is basic Javascript: you're returning a number, so you use it like you'd do
Me4502: With angular, is there a 'proper angular' way of setting $location to a page, and then having a function on that page's controller get called?
Elarcis: san37: .success() is 1. not recommended, 2. reserved to when the return of your function is a promise, which are mainly returned by $http calls
Me4502: Basically I have a list of orders, and I want to have a track button that automatically takes the user to the track page, and pre-fills the order number and fetches the data
Elarcis: Me4502: you're looking for routing and route resolving
Me4502: You mean like /track/id:?
Elarcis: Me4502: are you using ngRoute or uiRouter?
Me4502: Uh, something called '$routeProvider'
Me4502: I use $routeProvider.when('/', {}), etc
Elarcis: Me4502: ngRoute, then
Me4502: yeah
None
san37: you are using ngRoute
Elarcis: Me4502: you have a 'resolve' option for your routes
Me4502: Yes
Elarcis: Me4502: you can make the call to fetch your data in it, it'll then be injectable in your route controller
Me4502: kk, thanks
Me4502: So I can make one that's basically /track/id:, and use resolve to pass that through?
Elarcis: Me4502: please note that 1. angular will wait for your promises to resolve before it changes the route, so it might add a delay between routes if the request is big/slow, and 2. if any of your promises is rejected, the route won't change
san37: Elarcis..so how do I return promise from my getDistance method?
Elarcis: Me4502: resolve here would be an object with one key per injectable data, and the key's value is a function that returns the injectable data (or a promise of it)
Elarcis: san37: why would you, it's a basic synchronous function, you don't need a promise for that
Me4502: yeah, so where would I pass it what the ID is?
Elarcis: Me4502: read the doc for resolve, it's written there
Me4502: I currently use that to specify a page requires a logged in user
Elarcis: Me4502: I should tell you, all I've said until now is the result of googling and reading the doc I gave you, I don't use ngRoute ;)
Me4502: okay, thanks
san37: Is this what I have to do?Elarcis?var distance=tripFactory.getDistance();
san37: In this case I got distance as 0.
Elarcis: san37: yes
Elarcis: san37: well there's a flaw in your formula, or you're not checking that you got data first
Elarcis: san37: shouldn't you be calling tripFactory.getAll() at some point?
Me4502: I worked it out without using the resolve, just did it with ?params and $routeParams
Me4502: thanks
san37: My getAll function returns the list..The very list is used in the getDistance method..
san37: Am I correct?
zomg: Elarcis: hey wanna read something and tell me if it's terrible?
Elarcis: zomg: it's terrible
Elarcis: san37: no, you're slightly wrong
Elarcis: san37: getAll is returning a promise, and you're not storing the promise's result anywhere
zomg: Elarcis: thanks!
zomg: :P
Ayz: angular 2 login form
Ayz: how to create ng2 login app using the json as backend
Ayz: ??
san37: Ayz..I think you should try first then if error or any doubts comes up..then only you ask here..Thank you sir
Ayz: nyone with the answer:??
zomg: Ayz: nobody is going to give you the code, you need to do it yourself
zomg: if you have a more specific question which can be answered more easily then feel free to ask
Ayz: I tried out now i m stuck up with the service part for the json parsing
None
Elarcis: san37: updated the tripFactory.js file
Ayz: i m looking in angular 2
Elarcis: Ayz: we need code
Ayz: k...
fiddo: with the linter: can i write Typescript code in my testing specs ?
Elarcis: Ayz: basically you're telling us 'my car doesn't work how to make it work', we can't help you much
Elarcis: fiddo: if your testing specs are later transpiled, why not
fiddo: iv got a line like this:      let myBool :boolean = true;    but its forcing me to write it like:     let myBool = true;
Ayz: I m jus stuck up in parsing the json.. i have created a login app and i got a json i wan it to be parsed when i click the login button and after that i want it to login to the route i provided
None
icebox: a bit out of topic :)
Cienias: hey
Cienias: can i ask about angular2 here as well ?
icebox: yes
nishu-tryinghard: Cienias, dont ask to ask just ask. someone will answer for sure.
Cienias: nishu-tryinghard: ok
Cienias: this is very common question, how do I comunicate between 2 child components in Angular 2 (but also without getting parent involved at all)
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, lately i have been working on node and also on gulp to some extend. And used this generator called gulp-angular, my question is do you use any generators? Then you must have made your own changes, which are general and apply to other as well.
Cienias: atm i reading &quot;Parent and children communicate via a service&quot; on anglar 2 page
None
Cienias: but in the example there, parent component is involved, but i need to notifiy one childed compoent from the other
icebox: Cienias: it is the same approach... use a service
Cienias: icebox: i just mentioned that
Cienias: ok so i can user service and don't need to touch parent component at all
Cienias: ?
Ayz: icebox: how can we parse a json for login app in angular2?
icebox: Cienias: what do you mean &quot;don't touch&quot;? you need to inject the service in the components
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: no, I don't
icebox: Ayz: as usual
Me4502: How can I embed a ? in a location in angular?
Ayz: icebox: i m creating a loginusing ng2 and i am stuck up creating the service for the same
Me4502: $location.path('/track?id=' + order); directs me to /track%F1d=order
Me4502: I tried escaping the ? with a \, but it's still the same
Cienias: icebox: i know, but i can just inject it in the siblings components right, i mean if the parent does not care about communication between children componets i don't need to modify parent to enable siblings communication is this correct ?
icebox: Cienias: correct
Cienias: ok ill give it a go
icebox: Cienias: it is not magic... simply you are sharing an instance between  components :)
icebox: Cienias: it is not angular, it is ts (or js) :)
Cienias: that is what i thought but seen all the examples getting parent involved i though that his is a requirement
None
Me4502: Thanks
None
icebox: Elarcis: hey
Elarcis: hi icebox
Elarcis: icebox: that Ayz guy has been asking the same question for one hour, despite us telling him we can't help him much without seeing what he's done
dunkel2: hi
Elarcis: I like how people ask a question, don't like the answer, then tell themselves 'hell if I ask it again in 30 minutes it'll be completely different people so I'll get a better answer!'
Elarcis: or people who repeatedly change their nickname and keep asking the same question
Me4502: 'madness is doing the same thing over and over again, and expecting different results'
san37: Elaris..thank you so much for your help and I learnt better way of writing angularjs
icebox: Elarcis: ah
Elarcis: Me4502: but you miss all the shots you don't take!
Elarcis: san37: you're welcome!
Me4502: :P
Elarcis: san37: did you find out how you could use the computed distance after having it stored in the service object?
Elarcis: zomg: you didn't show me your thing
Elarcis: that came out very wrong
san37: EIarcis:I am confused with your question
san37: I could get the distance calculated and show on my screen
Elarcis: san37: I'm asking how you fetched it from the controller (to see if you got it right)
None
zomg: Elarcis: lol
zomg: Elarcis: yeah what was your email address? I need to forward it
san37: zomg and elarcis could we be connected in fb or linkedin?
Elarcis: zomg: holy hell what is it at this point
Elarcis: san37: I don't use either
zomg: Elarcis: hah :) it's just an article'ish thing but I'm only going to send it to my mailing list, so I wrote it in mailchimp and I can't share that except via email :P
san37: so what might be option to connect?
zomg: just use irc like real nerds
zomg: ;)
None
None
testx: in that step of the angularjs tutorial, they add the search funtionality
testx: how does it filter the list of phones using the filter: query ?
testx: phone is an object
Elarcis: zomg: sent you a pm
testx: how does this work? ng-repeat=phone in $ctrl.phones | filter:$ctrl.query
Elarcis: testx: it's dark magic
testx: Elarcis: how does it know to compare the query to the name field in the phone object?
Elarcis: testx: more seriously, I never understood it completely, but I think it procedes to test every property recursively for the value of $ctrl.query
testx: what if you want to filter against the phone.snippet field instead?
Elarcis: testx: filter:{snipper: 'expectedValue'}
None
icebox: san37: it is pseudo code, just to get an idea
ngWalrus: sometimes I wonder if all my mental faculties work.
Pyrrhus666: be honest : if they did, wouldn&acute;t you be doing something else _right_now_ ? ;)
ngWalrus: most likely
Cienias: icebox: BTW i had to actually modify the parent, the minimum is to add the serice ot the list of providers in the parent
Cienias: icebox: so we can use shared service to communicate between sibling components but in order to enable it you have to modify the parent as well
icebox: Cienias: if you don't use it in the parent, it is not mandatory... otherwise I didn't understand what is your aim
icebox: Cienias: add the service in sibling providers
Cienias: my aim was to make two sibling components communicate but not to modify the parent component at all
icebox: Cienias: ok... so I don't understand what is the role of the parent :)
Cienias: icebox:  if you just add the providers in the siblings they will both have 2 different instances of the service
icebox: Cienias: anyway if it works for you ok
icebox: Cienias: I don't think so :)
Cienias: well try it
Cienias: :P
Cienias: i think it's to do with restricting a scope of the service
Cienias: if you add service provider in one component only it's children can use it
Cienias: not it's siblings
tobias: and thats amazing
tobias: its not really about services btw - its about injectables
Cienias: unless im doing something worng :P
Cienias: tobias: are you talking to me and icebox
tobias: yep :)
Cienias: is a shame that it works only in hierarchy but not on the same level
Cienias: or actually anywhere in the app
Cienias: unless you add the service to the app component as a provider that you will probably be able to use in anywhere in the app
tobias: well if you make something injectable across the whole app, it also gives you some baggage
baako: morning guys. Does ng-src cache?
tobias: correct - just register it in the top level of your app
icebox: tobias: yep.. in the ngmodule
tobias: but read into how ioc works and how choosing the right level of registration can help performance of your app
tobias: having the framework not worry about a service you dont need anyway greatly simplifies things
Cienias: tobias: what im getting at is  that you have to make unnecessary changes to the parent event though it may not care at all about communication between it's children
tobias: services are not for communication pipes between children
tobias: (obviously you can use them as such though)
Cienias: so what is ?
Cienias: @output @input ?
tobias: correct
Cienias: well you stil have to use parent in order to use it
tobias: and a 'parent component' whatever it is for you that does the marshaling
runtyrobot: Is it possible to add to an array directly via ng-model - as is. So if I have ng-model=&quot;someArray[]&quot; for three text-inputs, I'd get ['input1', 'input2', 'input3']
icebox: runtyrobot: maybe it is... but why? code in html is bad practice... use js
runtyrobot: icebox: Curiousity mostly - was for a quick fix for a json input for personal use.
icebox: runtyrobot: don't spend time with bad practices
Elarcis: runtyrobot: time spent on trying dirty stuff is even more time spent trying to fix it weeks later
runtyrobot: Elarcis: You're sounding more and more like my wife :(
Elarcis: I don't remember who said 'devs don't want to read smart code, they want to read code they can understand'
Elarcis: runtyrobot: trust me from my personnal experience as a dev who must clean up behind the last dev who quit
Elarcis: I suspect more and more to have quit because he felt he couldn't keep on copy-pasting forever
Elarcis: *him more and more
runtyrobot: I know, I know - I've been it the same spot aswell. But this was a single use application - for my use only, for today :)
runtyrobot: in &Oslash;
None
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: I guess they&acute;re so trivial nobody bothers ?
mmarignoli: is it good practice in angular 2 to save an ajax response data in the service? so other components can use it?
Pyrrhus666: mmarignoli: if you have it in a service it&acute;s easy to share the reference. if that&acute;s something you need, then yes.
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: that forces me to do a trivial helper function whenever I code a new thing, it's annoying
Pyrrhus666: mmarignoli: otherwise, I guess $http also caches, but doesn&acute;t make it easy to share a reference to your data
mmarignoli: Pyrrhus666, the problem being that everytime I do .subscribe it does the call again, even if it's cached, don't know if I should just use the standard promise
Elarcis: mmarignoli: yes, caching in the service is good practice :)
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: isn&acute;t there a lodash-like thing for trivial math stuff ? and if not, why haven&acute;t you made one ? ;P
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: I don't use lodash
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: and I had to make that clamp function
icebox: mmarignoli: .subscribe.share :)
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: hence &uml;lodash-like for math&uml; :P
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: it's basically the same level of astonishment as if array didn't have a .reverse() function
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: probably math.js, which I don't use either
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: then it would be in lodash ;)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: I KILL YOU
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: why not ?
mmarignoli: icebox, thanks :) that keyword was missing haha
icebox: mmarignoli: if I remember correctly something like var rx = http.get(&quot;app/greetings.json&quot;).share(); ... rx.subscribe(function (res) {...
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: all features that would require math.js already have been implemented
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: so no real need for it
icebox: Pyrrhus666: welcome in Elarcis's list (about &quot;I KILL YOU&quot;) :)
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: except for the ones you&acute;re now missing :P
Elarcis: I KNOW
Pyrrhus666: woohoo, made the damn list, finally !
Ghost_Chilli: First time using Angular. I needed to paginate some content, so I added a filter to the module - but it seems to trigger constantly...
angularjs110: moin moin
Pyrrhus666: Ghost_Chilli: sounds like some circular watch somewhere ?
angularjs110: i have a serious problem, my chain works well and in one of the then() i have an array, i could go trough like forEach but, for every element the follow then should fired, is this possible?
Elarcis: zomg: haha I read the mail you sent
angularjs110: i fond a code snippet that shows, make foreach element new promises and with q.all to execute the next then, but i need for every element seperatet
Elarcis: zomg: my customer is different: we told him we had accumulated debt, so we had to take some days to fix it a bit
Elarcis: zomg: now all the accumulated debt of 50% of the app landed on our faces (we're 2 months late) and we're having a hard time explaining to the customer 'yeah, that's because basically you got shiny new features quick and cheap for two years'
None
Elarcis: angularjs110: you're not being very clear
angularjs110: sorry for my bad english
angularjs110: yeah this was the code snippet
Elarcis: angularjs110: you want to run an array of promises, but run the containing then only when all has resolved?
Elarcis: angularjs110: or you want to run the next then() block for each element of the array?
angularjs110: but, the different is, that the chain waits do somthing with alle elment bevor the next then is executet (because of q.all) but i want that the chaining goes throu for alle elments every time (like new promises that vor all elment wants end the chaining)
Elarcis: angularjs110: don't rush to write
angularjs110: @Elarcis the second one
Elarcis: write a function that accepts an element of the array as a parameter and return the promise chain you want to run for each element
Elarcis: in the $q.all part, just do return $q.all(myArray.map(theFunctionYouJustWrote));
Elarcis: angularjs110: ^
angularjs110: thats it? cool
Elarcis: angularjs110: the value sent to the next then() block will be an array of the results of all your promise chains
angularjs110: i will try, im back in 6-8 hours maybe if i have luck :D
Elarcis: haha
icebox: drawings in angular 2 docs are nice :)
None
None
Pyrrhus666: that looks sort of broken ?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: ?
Pyrrhus666: is it a /= pretending to be a &ne; ?
arlekin: go on IRC and throw the productiveness out the window...
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: no, it's a /=
arlekin: or dont go on IRC and fade to the abbyss of being alone and insignificant and out of date
arlekin: #thestruggleisreal
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: then why is the spacing between the chars non-existent ?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: a != would be a &ne;
Pyrrhus666: welcome arlekin ;)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: it's a ligature
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: welcome to you too good man
arlekin: and hi Elarcis
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: yeah, you said. but it looks like a badly spaced /= to me ;)
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: yes it is, isn't it awesome?
ngWalrus:  /= is best way to denote note equal
arlekin: ngWalrus: note7 equal ? :P
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: if that&acute;s your fetish, roll with it ;)
Elarcis: ngWalrus: heh no, because it denotes self division
arlekin: i actually used to have issue in math class when i by reflex wrote != in the equations
ngWalrus: Elarcis you've been using bad languages I see
ngWalrus: (read: not haskell)
arlekin: ngWalrus: do you even haskell ?
Elarcis: ngWalrus: I don't have time to learn it
Elarcis: ngWalrus: it does look sexy though
arlekin: Elarcis: ain't we all ?
ngWalrus: Haskell is sexy
Pyrrhus666: haskell is nice, until you get to the dirty IO stuff.
arlekin: ngWalrus: my girlfriend that i don't have is too, so what ?
ngWalrus: Haskell is sexy and my girlfriend is a hobbit
Elarcis: arlekin: my gf that I don't have is not, so what
arlekin: ngWalrus: quit bragging, will ya ?
Elarcis: ngWalrus: she got hairy legs, eat all the time and is small?
arlekin: Elarcis: i'd venture to say he meant that she is rather short
Pyrrhus666: more like hairy feet and knows how to party
ngWalrus: Elarcis and she hangs out with this wizard all the time
Elarcis: ngWalrus: ah yes, definitely the most crucial point
arlekin: ngWalrus: wizard... that what she tells you ?
Elarcis: &quot;you vs the wizard she tells you not to worry about&quot;
arlekin: Elarcis: lol, exactly
arlekin: also you know, the pointy hat makes one taller, and after they smoke...
arlekin: suffice to say the wizards tend to have long pipes...
ngWalrus: apparently she's going on a quest(??) or something this weekend with like 8 other dudes
arlekin: ngWalrus: quest, challenge, no difference
Pyrrhus666: ngWalrus: haven&acute;t you put a ring on it yet ?
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: you just won
Pyrrhus666: why thanks :)
ngWalrus: Pyrrhus666  I tried but she just threw it in to a volcano
Pyrrhus666: filthy hobbitses.
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: sorry, but ngWalrus just out-LOTR you
rand0m: hello people :)
ngWalrus: It was more a joint effort
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: darn.
rand0m: hay ngWalrus, Pyrrhus666, arlekin !
Pyrrhus666: ... and my axe !
rand0m: hay Pyrrhus666's axe
ngWalrus: also to get to the original tangent at least /= isn't ~=
arlekin: rand0m: hai
arlekin: ngWalrus: &quot;original tangent&quot; lol
rand0m: hello hello :)
rand0m: sadly the company said fuck off to me :)
rand0m: :(
ngWalrus: someone got laid off from our firm too :(
rand0m: does anyone know where can I host fonts ??
ngWalrus: github
rand0m: eh?
rand0m: can they be requested using css @import then ?
ngWalrus: or just stick em with your app
arlekin: rand0m: thats gold, you went from &quot;im laid off&quot; to &quot;where i can host fonts&quot; in like 0 sentences between
arlekin: i mean, unless font hosting is some elaborate revenge plot on the company
rand0m: no no
rand0m: I'm planning to copy my code onto plnkr and making it public
rand0m: I need to upload fonts so it works fine as intended
arlekin: rand0m: so i was right after all!
rand0m: well, its not proprietary code
arlekin: rand0m: dont ruin my fantasy ;P
arlekin: btw guys...
rand0m: this is not the fifth estate :P
rand0m: btw btw
rand0m: I saw Dr. Strange yesterday
arlekin: where are we as a community in relation to guys dwelling on angular gitter or some other slack ?
rand0m: mind fucking blown
rand0m: amazing visuals in movie
arlekin: rand0m: heard it is very good
rand0m: I urge you watch it in 3d imax if available
arlekin: rand0m: you want to see mind-blowing movie go see sausage party
rand0m: ehhh
arlekin: it is truly mind-blowing
rand0m: idk
arlekin: although not in a good way
arlekin: it is like, raunchy cringe / stuff of nightmares / wtf im watching
rand0m: speaking of angular chats, can some mod change the topic to include angular2 chat room?
Pyrrhus666: sounds perfect
rand0m: I see lot of people coming over the weekends and asking for help or link to chat room
rand0m: and no one's here to reply back
arlekin: rand0m: anyway, srsly is IRC kinda dead and we just dont know it yet, or are we the one true ones ?
arlekin: im asking in interest of keeping community in order - there is really no point in having multiple chat mediums i guess
rand0m: i dont know either why there is a different chat for angular 2
icebox: rand0m: what do you mean &quot;to include angular2 chat room&quot;?
Pyrrhus666: so ditch all the others and stay on irc. it&acute;s got seniority over all the others anyway ;)
rand0m: U WAT m8
rand0m: hay icebox
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: it'd be hard to ditch them since im not using them
icebox: rand0m: the only channel in IRC is #angularjs
rand0m: I was talking about adding a link for chat room in the topic title
icebox: rand0m: is &quot;chat room&quot; a channel?
rand0m: no, i've seen some others link to a web based chat for angular 2?
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: you set a good example. more ppl should follow ;)
rand0m: yes icebox
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: old school or no school ?
icebox: rand0m: #angular2 contains less than 10 users... the only official channel is #angularjs
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: yes
rand0m: next time someone paste's the URL i'll be sure to copy it icebox but right now I don't know the url
icebox: rand0m: url? I am talking about IRC
arlekin: icebox: there are really only two options - either after a time angular2 will have kinda parallel community and it will make sense to have separate channel, or ng1 community will slowly morph into ng2 community
rand0m: not irc
rand0m: but a web based chat (like slack)
icebox: rand0m: sure... there is a slack community
icebox: rand0m: nad it is not IRC :)
icebox: arlekin: agreed
rand0m: hmm, ok brb
rand0m: copy pasting stuff
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: that is a web client for IRC
Pyrrhus666: icebox: shhhh. I know.  but all the cool kids want a webchat these days ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ah ok :P
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: but all the cool adults use weechat you know ? or at least irssi
mmarignoli: if it's not hard to use, it's not cool!
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: I know. I don&acute;t even _pretend_ to be cool anymore :(
arlekin: mmarignoli: exactly - it was hard to write it should be hard to use... or something
macstriker: hi ng-guys
macstriker: ui-router question: how can i have nested view without nested ui-view:?
macstriker: so i need my nested view use it's own template and i dont need template from parent view
icebox: macstriker: template: &quot;foo:/foo:&quot;... foo is a component
macstriker: this is for nested view?
macstriker: state*
icebox: macstriker: yes
macstriker: for nested state?
macstriker: cant do this just with tempalteUrl ?
icebox: macstriker: yep
macstriker: very nice
icebox: macstriker: if I understood correctly the request
macstriker: i create nested state
macstriker: and i dont need to show my nested state's template inside parent state template
macstriker: my nested state must work as independent state
None
arlekin: sometimes i write funny comments although im the only one ever reading them #foreveralonedev
rand0m: looks like this is going to be a time consuming task
rand0m: I'll bbl
rand0m: ciao
macstriker: icebox: i implement what i want with one abstract state
None
macstriker: but problem is i want my menu item named &quot;Contacts&quot; will be always selected with data-ui-sref-active=&quot;active&quot;
macstriker: a data-ui-sref=&quot;contacts.list&quot; data-ui-sref-active=&quot;active&quot;:
macstriker: i cant set data-ui-sref=&quot;contacts&quot; because contacts state is abstract
None
macstriker: ok, data-ui-sref-active=&quot;{ 'active': 'contacts' }&quot; working well
GhostChill: So, I've got a select that is populated from a $scope.userstuff. I'm looking for a way to add items to that list without refreshing the page. Currently there is a input + Submit that will add items to the select - but only after a refresh
GhostChill: Anyone able to give me a couple of pointers?
arlekin: GhostChill: well, basically you'd need to add elements to the model of your select
arlekin: i assume your select has list of option in some controller somewhere or something
arlekin: GhostChill: but really i can't say anything more specific, without looking at your code
arlekin: paste relevant bits in some pasting service like dpaste.de, or better yet make plnkr or some other codepen illustrating issue you are having
None
antiPoP: in ng2 services are singletons, like ng1, right?
arlekin: GhostChill: while i appreciate the gif, it only helps with explaining what you mean, but you explained your issue quite well
arlekin: GhostChill: so till i see some code the only advice i can give you is that general one i gave you above
arlekin: antiPoP: i guess so, yeah
antiPoP: arlekin, not sure about that
arlekin: antiPoP: well, im not sure either to be honest, but i think they are, sorry, thats the best i can give you
Elarcis: back!
None
Elarcis: GhostChill: yeah, I supposed your list of option is retrieved from the server, and when submiting the form you send the data of the new option
Elarcis: GhostChill: this is tricky without seeing your code, because it could either be stupid simple, or complex as hell, depending on what tech you currently have
GhostChill: Yeah, that's right. I was hoping there was an easy way to append the new option to the list
Elarcis: GhostChill: there is
Elarcis: GhostChill: arlekin said it all already, you need, when clicking 'add', not to submit the form, but to append the new option to $scope.uperstuff
None
None
Pyrrhus666: icebox: could be, I&acute;ve seen references to that chat before
prasanna: hey guys
prasanna: could any of you help me with this
None
prasanna: its not angular, but im hoping someone knows something
icebox: prasanna: are you a time traveller? maybe you know something
prasanna: maybe :P
icebox: :P
prasanna: thing is I am trying to wrap a crossbrowser xmlhttp function so I can use it as ajax()
icebox: prasanna: not angular, as you said, too much lines, no plunker to debug, no issue description :)
icebox: prasanna: are you rewriting jquery ajax? :)
prasanna: kind of
prasanna: but using service workers fetch :)
icebox: prasanna: you may give a look at that source
prasanna: i've been reading that jquery ajax is leaky
icebox: prasanna: yes... also the world is leaky
prasanna: :/
icebox: prasanna: general statements, off topic sentence... what else? :)
ronak: how to build test for error in angular2 for the function Rx.Observable?
None
icebox: ronak: so the question is... how to test an observable?
icebox: ronak: I would give a look at the tests implemented in rx lib
ronak: yes have created test for success like below
ronak: public request(url: string | Request, options?: RequestOptionsArgs): Rx.ObservableResponse: {
ronak:         return Rx.Observable.create((observer) =: {
ronak:             let responseOptions: ResponseOptions = new ResponseOptions({
ronak:                 body : {
ronak:                     access_token : 'sample_access_token',
ronak:                     token_type : 'Bearer',
ronak:                     expires_in : 5000,
arlekin: ronak: dude
ronak:                     isUSerSignedIn : true,
arlekin: ronak: dont
ronak:                     refresh_token : 'refresh_token'
icebox: ronak: never paste code in the channel!
arlekin: paste
ronak:                 }
ronak:             });
ronak:             let expectedResponse = new Response(responseOptions);
ronak:             observer.next(expectedResponse);
ronak:             observer.complete();
arlekin: ronak:
tobias: dude
ronak:         });
arlekin: dasdsa
ronak:     }
arlekin: das
ronak: ok sorry
arlekin: dsad
icebox: ronak: no-go
arlekin: icebox: or worse
tobias: ronak: use a gist
tobias: people've been banned for less :-)
icebox: tobias: agreed
ronak: ok i will be carefull
arlekin: tobias: actually they weren't, which i find most unfortunate
None
None
icebox: prasanna: recap... not angular,  too much lines, no plunker to debug, no issue description, general statements, off topic sentences... I cannot see how to help you in #angularjs
prasanna: that is plnkr ^
prasanna: also at the moment, ##javascript is dead
icebox: prasanna: good try... for me a no-go :)
prasanna: okay :(
icebox: prasanna: do I need to add &quot;whining&quot;? :)
prasanna: yeah
icebox: :P
prasanna: :P
prasanna: brb
arlekin: icebox: is a &quot;no-go&quot; some new buzzword i haven't heard of ?
icebox: arlekin: space tech jargon
prasanna: no-go areas?
arlekin: icebox: aaah, righty
prasanna: flight ic248 you are entering a restricted airspace, I repeat, this is a no go area
prasanna: blah blah
prasanna: brb
icebox: prasanna: apart the jokes... no time :)
icebox: prasanna: that mdn doc seems interesting: fetch + service workers
arlekin: icebox: i know right ? having comfortable to use api for ajax calls without any third party seems kinda like a gamechanger
arlekin: certainly it is an argument for going vanilla
icebox: arlekin: flight director asks to flight components if it is a go or no-go for the lauch :)
icebox: arlekin: there is... it is &quot;fetch&quot;
arlekin: icebox: thats what i meant
icebox: arlekin: comms: go... telemetry: go... and so on :)
arlekin: icebox: and i did acknowledge that im familiar with the term no go being a flight term
Pyrrhus666: icebox: your comment reminds me of the challenger disaster, the comms person stating &uml;obviously a major malfunction&uml;. understatement of the millennium.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: sad day
Pyrrhus666: yeah. I remember seeing it live. also, I remember seeing the very first shuttle launch when  I was young, the whole school watched that.
arlekin: i feel so young right now...
Pyrrhus666: I feel ancient, so that cancels it out ;)
arlekin: If you say so sir
arlekin: ;P
antiPoP: I have a service with &quot;time&quot; property. how can I expose it directly to the components?
Pyrrhus666: looked it up. april 12th 1981. I was 11.
icebox: antiPoP: angular 1 or angular 2?
antiPoP: icebox, 2
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: you are the peer of my father
icebox: antiPoP: ah... as usual :)
antiPoP: icebox, I learned ng1, and when I have a good level of it, I had  to learn again ng2
antiPoP: i hope they don't launch a new major version in 3-4 years at least
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: that _really_ makes me feel old ;)
arlekin: Pyrrhus666: sorry brah ;:
Pyrrhus666: arlekin: no problem son ;)
arlekin: ok, now you are kinda creeping me out :P
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I think &quot;my&quot; first re-enter was about Apollo 14 or 15 :)
antiPoP: icebox, how can I do it?
icebox: antiPoP: new version every six months... official
antiPoP: icebox, mayor version?
icebox: antiPoP: yep
antiPoP: icebox,  official? Where?
None
arlekin: icebox: link man strikes again :P
antiPoP: icebox, it's not possible to learn a new major release each 6 months, which other frameworks does that?
Pyrrhus666: icebox: mine between 11 and 12 ;)
antiPoP: think also you have code for ng1, ng2, ng3, ng4... to mantain.. it's going to be a huge mess
Elarcis: antiPoP: you're mistaking the difference between angular1 and 2 with the difference between two major versions
Elarcis: antiPoP: also, that's the purpose of semver: don't switch major versions if you can't afford to
arlekin: ^
antiPoP: not for talking about plugins/modules ecosystem. Who is going to mantain a version for each?
Elarcis: antiPoP: still talking about difference between angular1 and 2
antiPoP: Elarcis, read the icebox link, it's a major version each 6mo. And for a major version I expect breaking changes
antiPoP: if these are not breaking, they can use a minor one, that the way semver works I think
icebox: Pyrrhus666: wow :)
Elarcis: antiPoP: yes, that's the point of major versions. they rewrote the framework from scratch for angular2, and then decided they didn't want to misname their versions so people wouldn't think 'angular 2 is a new version of angular1', so they adopted semver and now angular will forever be angular, v2, v3, etc., unlike angularjs which is currently stuck in 1.5 which is fine I guess
arlekin: antiPoP: although since ng2 made a decision to use npm as main distribution channel there is a support for keeping order with versions
Elarcis: antiPoP: chrome is pushing a new version every once in a while, now they're about to release v55. it's not like it's cats and dogs
Cienias: yo yo yo
Elarcis: antiPoP: so basically angularjs et angular2 are two different frameworks, but angular2 will still have major versions
antiPoP: well, regardless of the numbers, i don't expect to have to migrate my apps each 6 months. At least I expect backward compability for 2-3 yr. As said who is going to mantain a module such way?
Elarcis: antiPoP: hdjirjygfdlghvkfjdghfjdgb*
Elarcis: antiPoP: YOU DON'T HAVE TO MIGRATE YOU DICODICO
antiPoP: Elarcis, and chrome is a different thing. you don't have to migrate extension each 6 months. API is stable
Elarcis: sorry, lost my cool
Cienias: i need some help, I am having some weird issues why my service in angualr 2 sometimes it returns stale data, and does not actually call the backed web api and instead just returns the same list
arlekin: although i kinda understand antiPoP pain
antiPoP: Elarcis, is these are backwards compatible, it's ok for me
Cienias: am i missing something basic ?
Elarcis: antiPoP: they're not, they're major versions
antiPoP: Elarcis, :/
Cienias: it works sometimes and sometimes does not
Elarcis: antiPoP: it's like you're complaining about changing ISP is the same thing than upgrading your offer while staying at the same ISP
Elarcis: antiPoP: you migrate from angular1 to angular2 ONCE.
arlekin: Cienias: well, without looking at the code we can't really say, but maybe there is some caching along the way ?
antiPoP: Elarcis, I don't think it's a good idea... unless they want people mass migrate to react
Elarcis: antiPoP: then you update your app, following versions, as you please, and possibly fixing breaking changes because you want to upgrade to the next major version and you know there are breaking changes because any breaking change is pushed until the next major version
antiPoP: Elarcis, I know , but tell me about some widely used framework with breaking changes each 6 months
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: if it&acute;s anything like angular 1, you can control the caching of http requests yourself from within the app,
Elarcis: antiPoP: you have your ideas of good ideas, and a team of Google devs who coded one of the most hyped frameworks in partnership with other IT giants have theirs
Cienias: it returns fresh data if i refresh the page but if i refresh by e.g calling an event it still makes call to web api but never reaches it and returns same model again
antiPoP: idk who is going to use this in the corporate space... but nevermind... it's not my choice.
Elarcis: antiPoP: angular1
arlekin: Cienias: seems like caching
arlekin: antiPoP: and who says its obligatory to always be on cutting edge version ?
Cienias: arlekin: it does but im not sure how i fix that in ang 2
antiPoP: Elarcis, you should see how react is growing...
Cienias: or controll that
Elarcis: antiPoP: also, React
antiPoP: arlekin, plugins
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: you sure your backend doesn&acute;t return something sneaky like a 302 not modified header ?
None
arlekin: its hardly like there will be some security updates
Elarcis: antiPoP: Breaking changes are literally every six months
arlekin: antiPoP: plugins what ?
arlekin: antiPoP: i mean you make a valid point, but only if we assume there is some incentive or need to always keep up to date with latest framework version
Elarcis: antiPoP: keeping up to date with the latest version is your business pal, if you don't want to deal with breaking change, don't update. six months is huge in web terms
antiPoP: arlekin, module mantainers I meant... bet nevermind... I guess I can't make ng devs to change it's mind
Elarcis: antiPoP: it's not like it's MANDATORY to upgrade, if it ain't broke don't fix it
Cienias: Pyrrhus666: the backed is never called for some reason but the service still returns data just old, but the same function work fine when i refres the page
wafflejock: really every big framework I've seen goes through major changes especially early on, can't get everything right first time around, hindsight 20/20 and all
antiPoP: Elarcis, but the issue is market... you are asked to develop new projects with the latest version
wafflejock: antiPoP, you can contribute it's mostly done in the open, they have docs and ask for suggestions and PRs
arlekin: antiPoP: then you start with the latest version, and if latest means something different when you finish, well, shit happens
Elarcis: antiPoP: usually not. you get specs with old version of libs because the customer is a dummy who don't know what he's talking about, and you have to battle to convince him to make you use the right version
Elarcis: antiPoP: more often than not, the customer is using ultra-old servers and you're limited to what's available on debian 5 or whatever
antiPoP: Elarcis, customer often want you to use latest thing. And sometimes customers knows a bit about tech and asks you to use heroku.
Elarcis: antiPoP: also, welcome to the world of open source, where if you get tired of maintaining your widely used package, other devs can do it for you
antiPoP: Elarcis, this would lead to fragmentation, similar to android.. I think google devs know about that.
antiPoP: and corporate space does not change so quickly.
Elarcis: antiPoP: well then customer pays you to update, why are you complaining
Elarcis: antiPoP: what the fuck are you talking about
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: when you refresh the page the whole app is booted again, so the cache is gone, so that&acute;s logical
Elarcis: antiPoP: you're basically saying that different versions lead to tech fragmentation, and that versions shouldn't change too much to reduce maintaining costs
Elarcis: antiPoP: in that case remove versioning and start taking acids
Cienias: Pyrrhus666: what cache are you talking about, the browser cache or angular cache ?
antiPoP: Elarcis, learning takes time and cost in the corporate space. What is most used in big corporations? j2ee Do you know when it was last updated?
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: angular cache
wafflejock: Cienias, referring to the executing JS
antiPoP: but nevermind, I just hope the changes are not as big as from ng1 to ng2
wafflejock: Cienias, when the app runs it is in the context of the JS execution for that page load which persists until the page is unloaded
Cienias: ok anyidea how do i controll that in ang2 ?
Elarcis: antiPoP: you're changing your argument. first you said 'everyone's gonna switch to react' until I showed you they push breaking changes every six months as well
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: trying to search the docs, but the search on angular.io seems b0rken
wafflejock: Cienias, didn't see everything you said but what do you mean by the call &quot;doesn't reach it&quot;
antiPoP: Elarcis, I didn't knew that.. i don't develop in react... I just was wondering why they are growing so quickly.
wafflejock: Cienias, no network request goes out?
Elarcis: antiPoP: if you can't bother to accept lib devs know better on some subjets, go push issues or join their team to teach them. until then, you're just complaining that IT is hard work
Cienias: wafflejock: nope, it;s all in one project so i have a debuger on both end and it;s not called in the backend,
None
None
Cienias: wafflejock: but it does work sometimes, so it works sporadicall
Cienias: y
wafflejock: Cienias, yeah not sure need to pin down if the request isn't going out why not, would step through the code there that's making the request to see where it stops
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: are you using observables on that http result ?
wafflejock: Cienias, there is a templateCache in ng1 probably ng2 as well but typically doesn't interfere with $http calls
Cienias: Pyrrhus666: i use promise
None
antiPoP: Elarcis, in USA, react is now bigger, check your link.
Elarcis: antiPoP: you were not talking about size, but growth
Elarcis: antiPoP: check your words
antiPoP: Elarcis, sorry, size. And check that most of the market comes from india, where devs are less skilled from usa, and they are not so updated with latest tech.
hemangpatel: Hello there morning.
antiPoP: but nevermind, I guess this is not relevant
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: as far as I can tell the ng2 http module doesn&acute;t use a cache as in ng1. if there&acute;s caching, you do it yourself, or let rx handle it
Cienias: Pyrrhus666: yeah so no idea wtf is going on maybe it;s visual studio thing or something
antiPoP: at least ng could have an lts version to be mantained for a couple years, then a stable one.
None
hemangpatel: Now i'm building testcases for this component
Pyrrhus666: Cienias: well, if you&acute;re not even seeing a request _unless_ you reload the app, the it&acute;s probably to do with the app, not your IDE...
None
akkonrad: how can I compile all that and minify to one single js file?
None
akkonrad: and get rid of that browsersync notification in top right corner...
Elarcis: antiPoP: I'm done arguing with you, you're just continuously changing your arguments just to make a point, and now you're making generalities about the coding skills of a whole country
hemangpatel: But i'm getting error,No provider for ActivatedRoute!
wafflejock: akkonrad, what requests are slow?
hemangpatel: Well my component has one dependency Router which is already provided in testcase
akkonrad: it's not because they are slow, but in total there is 380 requests and that makes app slow
akkonrad: it works fine, but loads slow
wafflejock: akkonrad, gotcha are you using any build tool as is?
akkonrad: I'd like to shorten that load time
wafflejock: akkonrad, gulp, grunt, webpack anything like that?
antiPoP: Elarcis, just was an interpretation of the map. My argument is about maintainability of several major versions and modules. But it's just an opinion.
akkonrad: wafflejock, no.
akkonrad: I can show you my package.json file
wafflejock: akkonrad, okay, well basically angular.io just has things written into npm scripts, like you say in the package.json and you can just continue with that but might want to look at gulp or webpack for putting together more complicated build steps
None
wafflejock: akkonrad, gulp is pretty easy to get going with and lots of tutorials will show you how to do the concat/uglify/minify steps in a few lines
akkonrad: wafflejock, I tried webpack but failed to build production, has no time for debugging it
wafflejock: akkonrad, yeah webpack is more complicated
akkonrad: I used gulp/grunt for other projects so I'm familiar with it
wafflejock: akkonrad, also strongly suggest turning on gzip by the time you get to production makes a huge difference and just small config change 1 or 2 lines in server config typically
akkonrad: wafflejock, ok thank you, will try that
hemangpatel: I'm using routerLink in my template that's why I'm getting &quot;No provider for ActivatedRoute!&quot;
hemangpatel: But i don't know how to inject it in testcase
hemangpatel: I'm getting this only in testcase
arlekin: back
icebox: Pyrrhus666: thinking on your 11 and 12... wow again! :P
Pyrrhus666: icebox: it&acute;s not very different from 14 and 15. less than 2 years ?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: yep... but 11 and 13 was the most historical :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: if we had to pick one it would be 11. that fulfilled carter&acute;s promise (&uml;before this decade is over...&uml; etc)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: and I was a kid  and I think I didn't understand fully what it happened :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: Carter or JFK?
Pyrrhus666: uh, kennedy, of course. duh.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ah ok :P
arlekin: icebox: are you from USA ?
arlekin: funny, i have rough idea where are based most of the dwellers of the channel, except for icebox
icebox: Pyrrhus666:  it was a great ride... I mean, space program... nowadays with unmanned spaceships it is again interesting
icebox: arlekin: no... Milan, Italy
Preuk: icebox: now we have KSP
icebox: Preuk: Orbiter is better :)
arlekin: icebox: no offense then
Preuk: have to try it then
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I think we have a miscommunication. when you said your first was around 14 or 15, I tthought you meant you were born around that time, not that you&acute;ve actually seen it ;)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: hence my reaction about 11 and 12 (I was born around that time)
icebox: arlekin: (see my ip in irc and use geoip) :)
arlekin: icebox: well, im not THAT interested, also i may be weird but i ain't no creep
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ah no... I saw those re-enters
Pyrrhus666: icebox: woohoo ! I&acute;m young again ! ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: ops :P
Pyrrhus666: icebox: you&acute;re right though, the apollo program was fantastic in all its achievements. it couldn&acute;t be done today.
Pyrrhus666: even just looking at the saturn V. man, that&acute;s a beast we probably couldn&acute;t even imagine nowadays.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: well... also we have mission to Mars :)
wafflejock: Pyrrhus666, just need another cold war ;)
wafflejock: yeah SpaceX is no slouch
Pyrrhus666: icebox: well that was another bust for esa ;)
arlekin: icebox: and Big Fucking Rocket
senayar: When it was the last time an human walk on the moon ?
arlekin: as Tim Urban put it
icebox: senayar: apollo 17, I think
senayar: so 1972 ? :)
Preuk: Pyrrhus666: red a paper lately about the computer from appolo module... it's just unthinkeable to send people on moon with so limited hardware (even for the time)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: also : the fucking voyagers... still operating...
icebox: senayar: yep
Pyrrhus666: Preuk: yeah, there&acute;s a simulator around to play with.
Pyrrhus666: Preuk: also, the reprogramming they did on apolla 13 was astounding.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: no... they are in the bay of NCC-1701 :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: hehe :)
None
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: really Apollo 13 mission was awesome
Pyrrhus666: there&acute;s nine parts so far. awesome stuff.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: what a men, what a team (ground and flight)
arlekin: you know guys.... i fell like recently we work kinda like a google employers
arlekin: we have 80/20 system kinda
icebox: wafflejock: yes, thanks :)
arlekin: 80% offtopic and tangents and 20% for actual angular subjects :P
Pyrrhus666: icebox: yeah. that historic &uml;we have to make this fit into that using only ploink: this stuff&uml; :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: yep... great!
icebox: Pyrrhus666: those were real engineers :)
icebox: I stop here... because I would talk about space for days... :) and we are off topic :)
icebox: arlekin: agreed :P
None
wafflejock: Pyrrhus666, cool yeah heard someone did this but hadn't checked it out
wafflejock: reminds me I want to checkout that Shenzhen IO game too (gamefied EagleCAD) but just started playing Civ6
Pyrrhus666: wafflejock: good experiences with civ6 ? I saw lots of ppl talking about horrible AI and crashes.
wafflejock: so far not bad but I only spent a night playing really so far
wafflejock: my desktop is an old beast but it keeps chugging :) 1st generation i7 from 2008 with a GTX670, can't run things maxed out but I rarely have problems, seems some of the newer graphics cards/driver combos have caused people lots of headaches
wafflejock: no crashes thus far... the AI is hard to judge in the short time I played too but it's always been wonky in the past with Civilization games I've played so have to expect the unexpected :)
wafflejock: a little irrationality in world leaders makes sense anyhow
hemangpatel: Hello
Preuk: anyone felling like reimplementing freeciv web over ng2?
wafflejock: o/
Preuk: (now it's no more offtopic)
None
hemangpatel: Component has router dependency so i injected it in testcase
hemangpatel: Then it gives me &quot;No Provider for ActivatedRouter&quot; So i add provider { provide: ActivatedRoute, useClass: MockActivatedRoute}
hemangpatel: Then {provide: LocationStrategy, useClass: PathLocationStrategy} also because &quot;No Providers for &quot;LocationStrategy&quot;
hemangpatel: and at last {provide: APP_BASE_HREF, useValue : '/' }
hemangpatel: Now it gives &quot;Error: Error in ./LoginComponent class LoginComponent - inline template:29:7 caused by: undefined is not an object (evaluating 'router.events.subscribe') in karma-shim.js (line 69159)&quot;
None
wafflejock: hemangpatel, may want to just copy what you wrote here into an SO question and drop it there if you don't get a response
None
hemangpatel: What is S0 ?
wafflejock: hemangpatel, sorry stackoverflow.com
wafflejock: I tend to over abbreviate sometimes or speak in my own jargon
hemangpatel: ok
icebox: hemangpatel: in github issues there is nothing about that error description... googling there is a few references about something is missing
xeprione: hello, i have a problem. I have a service made in angular, and i'm trying to test it inside Mocha. Now, everything works except the $http service (that the service uses). attempting to make any request using the $http service, it hangs. It doesn't output anything, it doesn't reject it (using $http().then), it just hangs
hemangpatel: ok i'm checking.
icebox: hemangpatel: I am afraid there is something wrong in the test setup
xeprione: and that makes the test fail because of the mocha timeout
wafflejock: xeprione, when dealing with $http in tests you have to setup expectations and valid responses and use flush() are you doing those things?
icebox: xeprione: you need to use $httpBackend
xeprione: for *making* requests, i need to use $httpBackend?
None
icebox: xeprione: I suppose you don't need your backend to test the frontend :)
wafflejock: xeprione, the request itself will still be using $http but $httpBackend adjustments will handle it during tests instead of real backend
tobias: wafflejock: I couldnt really find docs on how to do that in angular2 (but have read them before, so they got moved I guess)
xeprione: but i want to use the actual backend, i had set up an api and i want to see if it works with it
icebox: xeprione: you can, but it is not the recommended approach
xeprione: but that's the problem - $http isn't actually sending the requests through
xeprione: but why is that?
wafflejock: xeprione, that's really the territory of more e2e tests rather than unit tests, you sure it's not just making the request but not waiting to complete the test to get the response?
xeprione: i am sure it's not making the requests
xeprione: i can see every request made to the server
xeprione: and those aren't being made
None
icebox: xeprione: separation of concerns... what are you testing, backend or frontend? don't mix the layers... also because in a CI, continuos integration, environment you have not available all your backend
xeprione: it's just that i don't currently have much time, i just want to finish the mvp, and in order for that to be successful, i need to be able to test the frontend service without creating a mock backend
None
xeprione: the backend itself works, it is 100% tested
None
wafflejock: notice ngMock vs ngMockE2E
None
icebox: antiPoP: I think there is a resource explaining how to add new resources
xeprione: all right. but that doesn't really help me with my problem as much. why aren't any requests getting through?
xeprione: like, i send a request to the server, but it doesn't even make it there
antiPoP: icebox, yes i read it, I just wondering if that code wan be importe via project.config or I need to copy and paste into my shared folder
wafflejock: xeprione, &quot;This implementation can be used to respond with static or dynamic responses via the when api and its shortcuts (whenGET, whenPOST, etc) and optionally pass through requests to the real $httpBackend for specific requests (e.g. to interact with certain remote apis or to fetch templates from a webserver).&quot;This implementation can be used to respond with static or dynamic responses via the when api and its shortcuts
wafflejock: (whenGET, whenPOST, etc) and optionally pass through requests to the real $httpBackend for specific requests (e.g. to interact with certain remote apis or to fetch templates from a webserver)&quot;
wafflejock: xeprione, see the E2E one I linked should do it for ya, the other one is just setup to not pass through requests
wafflejock: tobias, sorry docs on what in ng2?
None
icebox: &quot;if you cannot write a left-pad, is-positive-integer, or isArray function in 5 minutes flat (including the time you spend Googling), then you don&rsquo;t actually know how to code. &quot;
ngWalrus: return Array.isArray(obj)
ngWalrus: ez
icebox: ngWalrus: passed :P
umdstu: any ST3 or Atom users that know why elment.class-name expansion doesn&rsquo;t work? works fine in ST2
icebox: umdstu: same issue in two different editors? :)
umdstu: icebox: yep! atom admits to stealing so much from ST, so i&rsquo;m not surprised
icebox: umdstu: and how is that related to angular?
umdstu: bah
icebox: umdstu: &quot;stealing&quot;? the implementation is different
Elarcis: holy hell icebox
icebox: umdstu: bah? so what?
umdstu: icebox: conceptually, not literally
icebox: Elarcis: &quot;I k...&quot;
icebox: Elarcis: you deserved that :P
umdstu: icebox: bah as in, oops i didn&rsquo;t realize i was in the wrong tab. that&rsquo;s how this is related to angular
icebox: umdstu: ah ok :)
Elarcis: icebox: meanwhile, I found the string padding code quite obscure
icebox: Elarcis: agreed... and the point about &quot;functions are not packages&quot; is a strong selling point against micro-packages
umdstu: icebox: yep, sorry!
icebox: umdstu: no problem.. what is the snippet? I can try it locally
Elarcis: icebox: agreed
tobias: wafflejock: on how to mock services that do external calls
Elarcis: icebox: I try to not include too many dependencies, but I shiver when i think of what angular, angular 2 and other node libs are depending upon :D
umdstu: icebox: in ST2 you just type `div.class-name` and hit tab, it creates &ldquo;div class=&ldquo;class-name&rdquo;:/div:&rdquo;. in ST3 it does nothing, apparently its a known issue introduced from some refactoring they did. thanks though
icebox: umdstu: are you sure? is that emmet plugin?
Elarcis:   &quot;dependencies&quot;: {},
Elarcis:   &quot;description&quot;: &quot;HTML enhanced for web apps&quot;,
Elarcis:   &quot;devDependencies&quot;: {},
Elarcis: ah. at least I'm reassured on the angular 1 side
icebox: Elarcis: nice :)
umdstu: icebox: now i&rsquo;ll have to check :D
icebox: umdstu: out of the box there is not that feature
umdstu: icebox: i dont have emmet installed. looking through packages in ST2 to see what could be providing that
Elarcis: holy guacamole!
Elarcis: neither of @angular's packages have dependencies!
Elarcis: what the hell, I must be reading something wrong
icebox: Elarcis: yes..
Elarcis: dependencies and devDependencies are both {}, though. the package.json must be altered, or they must have their own way of managing dependencies
icebox: Elarcis: angularjs: deps empty, devDeps a lot... angular: deps=core-js, reflect-metadata, rxjs, zone.js... devDeps a lot
None
Elarcis: icebox: silly me, the package.json deps was empty for me when I looked in node_modules
Elarcis: icebox: I know
icebox: Elarcis: ah ok :)
icebox: Elarcis: interesting... rxjs is a committing choice
Elarcis: icebox: what do you mean?
icebox: Elarcis: well.. angular depends on something else...
icebox: Elarcis: and it is not a tiny lib or a secondary one
icebox: Elarcis: luckly, from the point of view of deps, rxjs deps are only &quot;symbol-observable&quot;
Elarcis: icebox: I always forget what rxjs is about. are they observable?
icebox: Elarcis: yes
wafflejock: tobias, oh gotcha
Elarcis: got a 160-lines long function to rewrite using my new recursive-simple-intuitive system
Elarcis: LET'S SIMPLIFY PHYSICS
None
wafflejock: icebox, I like this analogy &quot;If you guys make me choose between a car that can transform into Optimus Prime and a regular car just to go from A to B, I would totally go with the first one :D&quot;
icebox: wafflejock: more is less :)
Pyrrhus666: wafflejock: I think it&acute;s a stupid small penis analogy, like with all cars ;)
tobias: hm, say I have a VeryCoolTools.ts that has all the sweet functions I use, how do I include/import/require that in my component/service?
icebox: wafflejock: A, just in case... B, less cognitive load
tobias: (so VeryCoolTools.ts only contains simple single stateless pure functions)
icebox: tobias: better you say us what you tried and it didnt' t work... because I would reply &quot;in the usual way&quot; :)
tobias: well, &quot;import&quot; doesnt work because it's not a component
tobias: and 'require' sounds like i'm not using a typescript way but requirejs or something like amd
tobias: in c# i'd use 'using myapp.computations;'
tobias: (but they'd be in a class)
icebox: tobias: I would give a look at ToH looking for a service... then I would mimic the same approach
tobias: I have simple calculations, I dont think I want to put every function in a service right?
tobias: imo a binarysearch function is not a service, its just a function :) dont need those layers of obfuscation.
icebox: tobias: or I would gi ve a look at handbook doc to see how it imports external resources
icebox: tobias: does it make sense?
tobias: ah it seems like I just should skip the {..} from section
tobias: just import '../mystuff.ts'
tobias: ... which doesnt work
None
icebox: tobias: anyway... it is ts affair :)
tobias: so I should use a module to wrap my tools
tobias: ah doh, i just needed to export the function. done.
icebox: tobias: no.. that is only a suggestion... please read the docs... exactly :)
hemangpatel: wafflejock, I got solution.
hemangpatel: Lots of people available there
wafflejock: hemangpatel, cool good to hear
nishu-tryinghard: just now read about browserify and liked how we can avoid script tags and manage dependencies neatly. I dont have much experience with it so i would like your opinion  it and correct me if i am wrong about it.
hemangpatel: wafflejock, Thx for pointing me to right direction. Night
nishu-tryinghard: hey wafflejock still going for a walk at night?
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: you should read up on webpack, or play with a seed/starter that uses it to get some feel for it.
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, yes i did come across a webpack vs browerify article, expected some one to bring it up. Didnt yet start on ng-2
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: I&acute;m not for or against either, but webpack seems to be becoming the defacto standard ;)
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: (for both ng1 and ng2)
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, eh was cold and rainy last night so stayed in
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, I was telling you about riding the eskateboard right?
nishu-tryinghard: yes i understand. Pyrrhus666 so it can even handle the libraries too? or we still use the wiredep to link the libraries ?
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, yup, you told me about that too
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, not much experience with webpack but think idea is to do all the slicing up of dependencies into loadable modules
wafflejock: nishu-tryinghard, got some wifi adapters for arduino to make myself a custom controller, tried with bluetooth before but was having drop offs and hard to get my phone and the device to recover a connection so trying with &quot;simpler&quot; wifi
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: afaik it can handle pretty much anything.
nishu-tryinghard: wafflejock, so any specific thing you are trying to do with that custom controller?
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, good to know ty
akkonrad: how can I bootstrap my angular2 app with no platform-browser-dynamic?
None
macstriker: guys, how can i create Error object myself?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: var error = new Error(); ? (you give us no context to go on...)
macstriker: $http.get(&hellip;).then(function() {}, function(error) { //what is error? })
macstriker: i need construct same error object that construct $http
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: afaik its smth like { status: httpstatusnumber:, data: somestring: }
macstriker: just map?
icebox: macstriker: (please, use .then.catch approach)
Pyrrhus666: also, yes, what icebox says ;)
macstriker: =)
macstriker: when my http request give me information i should check something
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: map ? what do you mean ? its a pojo...
macstriker: ah. isee
macstriker: pojo, yes
macstriker: hm. look. when $http give me response, i need to check some property in response
None
macstriker: if (response.someProp == 'someValue') { // reponse is ok } else { // response is not ok }}
m_: lol
m_: very strange chat
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: that&acute;s what the status is for. 2xx is okay, rest is (mostly) not.
m_: try mine chatlab.herokuapp.com
macstriker: also i have some business logic
Pyrrhus666: m_: lets not and say we did ;)
icebox: m_: connect your irc server to the network :)
None
macstriker: something like this
None
icebox: m_: connect your irc server to the network :)
macstriker: how can i use then.catch approach in this case?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: Action == $http ?
macstriker: $resource
macstriker: user can set any $stateParams.actionId via URL so i need to validate output
angrybacon: There's a &quot;company&quot; dependency that is injected in several controllers in our application. I fail to see any module with that name in the whole project
angrybacon: What else could it be?
wafflejock: macstriker, the get returns the $promise you're using there why can't you .then.catch on that?
macstriker: wafflejock: and just throw new Error() if action.type != 1?
wafflejock: macstriker, eh not sure I just caught the tail end of what you all were talking about there
macstriker: i need to do extra check after get response
None
macstriker: also talking about $resource (i also can get promise from $resource)
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: don&acute;t you mean you need to check the _input_ instead of the output ? (the stateParam being an input of the resulting $resource call)
tangorri: anyone here was a Flex dev before ?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: $resource.get() behaves like $http.get()
macstriker: Pyrrhus666: my app shpuld work only with action.type = 1
Pyrrhus666: tangorri: played with it like 8 years ago, but no ;)
wafflejock: macstriker, yeah just chain them onto the $promise
wafflejock: macstriker, you can return a new promise from the success handler that is rejected for your new error
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: so like if($stateParams[&acute;type&acute;]!=1 return and do nothing ?
wafflejock: macstriker, can just do something like  return $q.reject('something went south');
Elarcis: I spared a whole FIVE LINES with the new system!
Elarcis: WOOT!
macstriker: how can i throw error from then()?
Elarcis: macstriker: throw an exception as usual
Elarcis: macstriker: it'll make the next catch() block run almost immediately, skipping all that's between your throw and it
macstriker: var error = new Error('Wrong type'); throw error;
macstriker: like this
Elarcis: macstriker: yes
Elarcis: macstriker: if you don't have any catch() block though, your error will go silent
macstriker: i just need pass my error to resource error handler
Elarcis: macstriker: depending on your resource error handler work
None
macstriker: i just see my error in dev console
macstriker: error handler doesnt called
None
None
icebox: axilla: there a re a few example with different use cases
icebox: axilla: *there are a few examples with different use cases
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: I still don&acute;t get it : why do the request at all if you already _know_ the actionId is wrong beforehand ?
antiPoP: how do I comment an expression {{ a }} ?
macstriker: Pyrrhus666: how can i know it?
macstriker: before i get response from service
macstriker: this is just a number
macstriker: with this number i get information from API
axilla: thanks icebox, tried all of those methods, must be something else.. always fun coming in behind another dev.
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: it&acute;s $stateParams.actionId ? or not ?
axilla: who had absolutely no clue what he was doing
macstriker: Pyrrhus666: this is just a number from URL
macstriker: like /actions/:actionId
macstriker: so user can pass any information
antiPoP: !-- {{ }} --:
icebox: axilla: I see... if you reproduce the use case with a plunker, we may give a look at it
icebox: antiPoP: yep
icebox: antiPoP: html comment
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: if it can only be &acute;1&acute;, why is it a stateParam ? I guess I&acute;m missing something :)
macstriker: no
macstriker: action.type
icebox: off... bye
macstriker: actionId can be any number
Pyrrhus666: bye icebox
macstriker: actions/2 i get response { 'id': 2, type: 3 }
macstriker: so i cant throw error from then block in this case
axilla: yep thanks, figured it out, my model is getting updated it's something else
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: your code seems incorrect btw. you have $promise.then(func(),func()).finally(func()); should be $promise.then(func()).catch(func()).finally(func()); ?
macstriker: what is inside catch ?
macstriker: $scope.actionLoadingError = error?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: the handling of the error you throw in the .then().
Pyrrhus666: without a catch, a throw is useless.
macstriker: i see
macstriker: what should i do in catch block?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: whatever needs to be done to handle the error ? :)
Elmer__: Hi Guys! have you encountered a MIME Type error in the Developer Guide : Conceptual Review : Accessing the backend?
macstriker: is there any way to just pass control to $resource error handler?
Pyrrhus666: the catch only gets executed if an error is thrown in the then(). the finally() always gets exected
macstriker: or i just can delete $resource's error callback and do it in catch block?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: you could try $resource.get().then().catch().finally();
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: no idea if that works
caitp: you should use chrome's async functions and see if they play well with $resource
macstriker: ok, i will check it
macstriker: thanks for idea
caitp: and with angular in general
macstriker: problem is i already have two callbacks in $resource - success and error
macstriker: and it seems i cant use is as is
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: yes, you&acute;re doing things twice.
macstriker: ok, i will try, thanks again
Pyrrhus666: off, bye.
Elmer__: Hi Guys! have you encountered a MIME Type error in the Developer Guide : Conceptual Review : Accessing the backend using the jsonp?
Elmer__: Hi guys! help me please? i'm new in angular and encountered a MIME type error while testing the developer guide sample in my pc.
Elarcis: Elmer__: how are you displaying your app?
Elarcis: Elmer__: are you using a local server or clicking on index.html?
Elmer__: Hi Elarcis: Actually i'm just following the documentation and a mime type error show up
Elarcis: Elmer__: what is that developer guide? the official tutorial?
Elmer__: MIME Type error in the Developer Guide : Conceptual Review : Accessing the backend while using the jsonp
Elarcis: Elmer__: no need to copy paste that, I can read. I just don't know what guide you're talking about
Elmer__: Elarcis: ok sorry it's about the accessing the backend. inside finance.js using the refresh function for retrieving the data
Elarcis: Elmer__: do you have a goddamn link to that guide?
None
Elmer__: then look for the accessing the backend at the bottom part
None
andygmb: wait maybe its being set to false as a string which would be evaluated as true? hmm
Elarcis: Elmer__: thanks
Elarcis: andygmb: right click on element, inspect, and type in the console angular.element($0).scope().vm.changeEvent
Elmer__: Elarcis: Sorry for the trouble and thanks in advance
None
andygmb: yes, it's a string &quot;false&quot; :_:
andygmb: whoops
Elarcis: Elmer__: I'm having the issue too
Elarcis: Elmer__: I believe this is mainly an issue with yagoo servers
Elmer__: Elarcis: Oh. do we need some configurations in our code for that?
Elmer__: Elarcis: or adjustment on the code for the sample?
Elarcis: Elmer__: I don't know, I never tried to use JSONP actually
Elmer__: Elarcis: It's ok. I'll just proceed with the other documentation. Thank you for your time :)
Elarcis: Elmer__: actually I believe yahoo switched their request result to JSON, which invalidates the need for JSONP
andygmb: btw Elarcis that $0 var always proves so useful but I never remember to use it!
Elarcis: andygmb: :D
Elarcis: andygmb: I do a hell lot of data recursive display, and $0 is a life savior here
antiPoP: {{ let i = state.timestamps.length; i }} seems not work. How can I do an assignment in a interpolation?
ryth: Hey guys, stupid question... when running an Angular2 application on a node.js server, and I want to display data from a local database, what's the general way of implementing this? I'm only used to a LAMP stack where you use a php libary for your database work.. It seems like the way to do it in JS/angular is to create a local API server and use the Angular HTTP module to talk to that?
nishu-tryinghard: Yes you are correct ryth, you have two servers one which is your Angular app and the other is your api server.
vasu: hi
vasu: getting the error TypeError: AuthenticateService.check User is not a function
vasu: when trying to access a function written in service in controller
vasu: any help please
antiPoP: {{ let i = state.timestamps.length; i }} seems not work. How can I do an assignment in a interpolation?
antiPoP: re plz
Pieplay: I'm having some trouble importing the rxjs map operator in ng2.TS
wafflejock: vasu, just as the error says checkUser is not a function but it must be called somewhere like checkUser() this means AuthenticateService must exist and have the property checkUser because it isn't undefined it's just not a function
antiPoP: Pieplay, get angular-seed or similar and see how it's done
Pieplay: Yea, cloning angular2-rxjs-chat
CanyonMan: I'm trying to upgrade an older angular-cli projectg and I'm getting Duplicate identifier 'PropertyKey' from somehwere in core-js.  Does anybody have any idea what this might be?
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 491d23e Peter Bacon Darwin: chore(deps): add changez
ngbot: angular.js/master 3c88c62 Peter Bacon Darwin: docs(CHANGELOG): add 1.6.0-rc.0 release notes
CanyonMan: Do you no longer specify child directives when you declare a @Component({})  ?
None
CanyonMan: oh, sorry and thank you
wafflejock: CanyonMan, no prob
Maxou: what is the nodejs chat ?
wafflejock: Maxou, #node.js
None
tristanp: what is the right way to achieve what i want using that library?
poshest: Hey anyone here know how $$AnimateAsyncRunFactoryProvider works?
poshest: for some reason it's calling a $rootScope.$digest(), which I'd rather avoid if possible
xamanu__: :q
xamanu__: :exit
dman777_alter: anyone use fountain generator? I did a build for angular 1 but chrome complains Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token :. I looked at the json file and it looks good
sdo_: hello
sdo_: is this irc can be used to talk about angularjs2?
JDorlus: Has anyone tested their angular2 app using travis and saucelabs?
JDorlus: (with protractor)
None
alexander25: im trying to connect to my backend api but im quite new to the concepts of angular2
None
alexander25: it seems im in need for a $http request to POST data as json with angular but how to check the returned data in that case
None
ngbot: angular.js/master ad3a1f9 Peter Bacon Darwin: chore(package.json): bump  for new minor version
None
akkonrad: while trying to install angular cli I get this error: [Killed...] | extract:csso: sill gunzTarPerm extractEntry blueprints/route/files/__root__/__path__/__name__.js
rodger55:  is there any way to render templates on the server side? (for SEO purposes)
