VincentAdultmon: zomg: err.. Typescript haas been around for ages now
Wallcraft: Hi all!
amir_: hello
Wallcraft: i have to access to an object inside a JSON response called soap:env
Wallcraft: how i can access it?
None
zomg: VincentAdultmon: yes and the implementation was always built on node :P
Elarcis: Hi!
Elarcis: Hi icebox, sorry I wanted to contribute to the repo this week-end, but I just felt like a slug the whole two days
icebox: Elarcis: hey... no problem :)
Elarcis: :D
None
icebox: Elarcis: it seems, after a few iterations, vscode is better than atom
Elarcis: icebox: it's been way faster for a while now, and I've always thought VSCode's handling of JS was better, but yeah they're slowly getting better and better
icebox: Elarcis: agreed... also in terms of electron versions... 1.3.7 :)
Elarcis: icebox: i.e. I was never able to have a simple 'go to declaration' in Atom
Elarcis: icebox: I have no idea what it changes, honestly
icebox: Elarcis: well... chrome from 49 to 52 and nodejs 6.5.0
Elarcis: oh ah
icebox: Elarcis: really I don't understand the empasse in atom development
smiche: how do you people decide what to do on server and what on client? can someone help me with my decision :D?
None
Elarcis: I don't know what the Atom team works on at each update, but I like VSCode's approach of just providing an API to extensions, and improving that API based on requests from modders
zomg: smiche: anything you need to be able to trust goes into server. Fairly simple choice :)
smiche: My personal take on Atom is that it melts my pc on linux.
zomg: smiche: you can *never* trust anything from the client
smiche: well I already get some data from the server and need to calculate some statistics about the data. Wondering if it's more efficient to do on server or client.
zomg: if it's 10k it shouldn't make any difference where you do it
zomg: I mean any client should be able to handle that
smiche: okay, that's what I wondered. awesome :p
smiche: thanks!
Elarcis: smiche: do the heavy and trust-requiring work server-side (if it needs to make lots of requests to the DB, it's better to do them on the machine that's the closest to the DB), then return just the data the client needs to format and show it to the user
zomg: we recently had a problem where we were returning 20 megs of JSON on a page load...
zomg: :D
Elarcis: haha
zomg: because we queried mongodb without filtering out the fields we didn't care about
zomg: the problem only became apparent with customer accounts with *a lot* of data
smiche: you're using a nodejs server?
zomg: yeah
Elarcis: zomg: One day we figured out that making 50 requests to the server to load a simple list was a bit much, so we converted those 50 requests in a new specific List type that's returned by just one
zomg: it even slowed the page load because the mongodb query itself was taking a long time to return and not just because of having to send 20 megs of JSON =)
smiche: I'm feeling pretty bad about using a nodejs server, but no time to redo it in something more strictly typed.
zomg: smiche: eh it's fine
Elarcis: smiche: can't you do server-side typescript? :D
zomg: slap Flow or TypeScript on it and there you go, types
icebox: Elarcis: this is nice: Switch Window... that resolves the point vscode doesn't handle multi project in a window
Elarcis: icebox: I'd like to be able to separate editors to new windows, much like VS does
Elarcis: icebox: hop, multi-screen instance just by drag-and-drop
smiche: plenty of the libraries that I use don't have type declarations. I've already written quite a few but it takes time
smiche: but I do feel like typescript would be a huge benefit since it's getting fairly hard to maintain the code
zomg: What's making it hard to maintain?
smiche: following how objects mutate through route/middleware/service/db connectors
zomg: interesting
zomg: I don't see how types would fix that though..
smiche: can always check the interface to know what the object is about
zomg: Yeah I suppose that's true :)
smiche: makes things sort of more predictable, since I forget how I named things and what is what
Elarcis: smiche: yep, although interfaces are only dev-side and disappear on transpilation
Elarcis: smiche: for one I find that using classes help tremendously when debugging, just looking at what is the type of my resource
smiche: same thing that I enjoy about it too
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, are you using typescript to learn angular 2?
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: yes I am
smiche: is there any official statement on when angular 1 will be abandoned?
Elarcis: smiche: when it's not used anymore
smiche: also the async, non-blocking nature of nodejs makes a lot of spaghetti compared to a servlet for example, when db access is synchronous
Elarcis: also, remember when people said angularjs could not be trusted because it was a Google product and that Google didn't use it for their services?
Elarcis: what's a servlet? a webservice ?
smiche: yep, based on java
icebox: Elarcis: in process sync callback
Elarcis: smiche: okay, I's been a damn while since I've done Java :D
Elarcis: icebox: oh, ok
icebox: smiche: it is not non-blocking nature.. it is callback approach... and you may use other patterns :)
smiche: yeh I've been going more towards the synchronous approach where possible
Elarcis: I like C#'s approach of the thing, with async tasks that you can wait for to make your code synchronous again (sort of)
icebox: smiche: well... cps (Continuation-passing style) is a powerful style of programming
smiche: with .net core you can do most stuff synchronously as well
icebox: smiche: but I am sure node.js channel would be more suited to this topic :)
smiche: I have no doubts about the performance and the benefits of handling errors and not continuing, but once you start nesting 4-5 of them(which isn't too often) it gets pretty nastry to read.
smiche: yeh my bad I got carried away.
Elarcis: smiche: welcome to the callback pyramid of doom!
shabbir: hello AngularJS World
Elarcis: shabbir: Hello, shabbir!
zomg: Ugh
Elarcis: Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token !
zomg: I'm trying to think of a good example for property based testing
Elarcis: VM90:1 Uncaught ReferenceError: ugh is not defined(&hellip;)
zomg: the best one I came up with is fairly good but would require fairly complex implementation for being able to actually demo it...
zomg: :p
Elarcis: zomg: what's property based testing?
zomg: I see the article is going to be useful ;)
zomg: basically sometimes you have functions which have some rules which should hold true for all inputs
zomg: for example Math.max will always return biggest number of the inputs
Elarcis: zomg: okay
GreenJello: is that where you throw random inputs at it?
zomg: property based testing can be used to test that kinds of rules by defining what are the acceptable inputs (such as any JS number) and a function to validate the result
zomg: GreenJello: yep
shabbir: I'm new to AngularJS , can anyone suggest me some Books to get over it ?
GreenJello: shabbir, I don't know about books, but egghead.io is a good place to start
smiche: service $http get isn't working after switching route, pretty random
nishu-tryinghard: shabbir, go with ng-book 2 or you can just headover to angular documentation and start with quick start.
nishu-tryinghard: If you started just now without any experience then you have to go thorough a lot of resource understand how stuff works and code communicates in your project and also the controll flow. Go with ng-book 2 or something similar based on what others suggest
shabbir: I'm using angular documentation but I get stuck more than I get help from it... Thanks a lot everyone for suggestions...
shabbir: is it okay for a beginner to start right away with Angular 2 ? or should I first follow Angular 1.x ???
Pyrrhus666: shabbir: starting from the docs is less difficult if you do the quckstart and the ToH tutorial on the angular2 site. the documentation tends to refer to those two quite a lot.
GreenJello: shabbir, starting with angular 2 is fine, but it's probably going to be more difficult to learn if you're not used to things like typescript and modules
smiche: is there some limit on $http.get or $q promises? I'm getting a weird behaviour where out of 5 directives last one never gets the promise resolved. and they all access the same route
Elarcis: smiche: no, there's a browser or server defined limit on how many request can be made from the same client at the same time
None
smiche: I suppose I should cache it then or get that data somewhere higher up the hierarchy
zx_bud: I'm serving the application as webpack'ed app
Elarcis: smiche: $http implements a caching system, look for it in the doc I think you have to enable it
Preuk: hello
smiche: well chrome gives 304 on the responses
Elarcis: smiche: that's browser cache
Elarcis: smiche: iirc
smiche: I suppose I would need to clean that cache somehow
smiche: I used cacheFactory before and cleaned the cache
Elarcis: smiche: I don't think you're trying to resolve the right issue there
smiche: with caching on it works fine so I guess it's the request limit
Elarcis: smiche: when there are too many requests being made, they're just put into pending mode, they're not blocked
Elarcis: smiche: you have another issue
smiche: looking at network tab in dev tools showed that all requests were finished but one of my promises never got resolved
Elarcis: smiche: yeah, so that's an issue with your code then
Elarcis: smiche: are all of your promises using the same code?
smiche: yep
Elarcis: smiche: it could be that somewhere in your promise chain you forgot to do a return, then
smiche: 5 are created, 5 are answered on initial page load, changing route and going back 5 created, 4 resolved
Elarcis: what changes between the two routes?
smiche: they're pretty much independant controllers with one parent controller
smiche: and sharing 2 directives
Elarcis: smiche: looks like one of your controller is the issue then :)
smiche: with caching things load so fast my highcharts are rendered before the div has completed expanding in width, ends up in a half-wide chart
smiche: can't figure out what's going on with the service though :/
smiche: oh you mean controller
smiche: when I make 200 requests it seems to work
smiche: oh wait nevermind the last one is chopped off again -.-
Elarcis: smiche: you're making progress then, if it's always the last promise
arnas: I have an input field and it's bind to datepicker. When I select date from datepicker, the value of the input doesn't get updated. I need to type in something first for it to change. How can I fix that? :/
Elarcis: arnas: code sample please
Elarcis: arnas: this isn't a normal behavior
Pyrrhus666: arnas: my guess is your datepicker is not angular-aware ?
Elarcis: arnas: so there must be a quirk somewhere
arnas: Elarcis, sec
arnas: Pyrrhus666, I use jQuery UI's datepicker
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s your problem right there :P
Elarcis: ^
arnas: so isn't it possible to fix it anyhow?
arnas: to work with jquery ui datepicker
Pyrrhus666: sure. but you shouldn&acute;t even want to.
arnas: Pyrrhus666, why?
Elarcis: arnas: as usual... there should already be a lib that wraps it in an angular directive
bd-: i hate datepickers, they're mostly all terrible
None
smiche: it seems to be my service, the controller calls the service but http get never gets resolved
Elarcis: bd-: agreed
Pyrrhus666: bd-: true. even chrome&acute;s native one sucks ass.
Elarcis: bd-: it looks like no one ever bothered to standardize this shit
arnas: bd-, well, IE doesn't support type=&quot;date&quot; :)
arnas: so I have to use something else
bd-: it would probably be bad even if it did support type=date
Elarcis: arnas: are you using ng-bootstrap?
arnas: Elarcis, no
Elarcis: arnas: ok, then see the link I sent you
arnas: Elarcis, can I use this ui-date with jquery ui's datepicker?
Elarcis: arnas: but you should probably rely on a pure angular solution anyway
Elarcis: arnas: read the page and you'll know if you can
Pyrrhus666: ui-bootstrap has a halfway decent datepicker. dunno about ng-bootstrap.
arnas: Elarcis, it says yes :D thanks
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: I suggested a outlook-like time input to ng-bootstrap's team, other than that I dunno
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: I wonder why nobody does that btw, realtime input deduction for time input
Pyrrhus666: realtime whatnow ?
Pyrrhus666: you mean current time as a default or smt ?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: it's pretty obvious that if I type 830, I mean 8:30, I don't want to put the hour, press tab (or even worse, click on the minutes field) and put the minutes
Pyrrhus666: ah ok. parsing rules.
Pyrrhus666: yeah, the ux is pretty horrible.
bd-: i'm using that ui-bootstrap datepicker
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: not really, just automatic field switching when the hour is obvious
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: only downside is  that it forces the user to put explicit hours, like 0112, because 112 can either be 11:02 or 1:12
bd-: there's a bunch of angular datepickers which don't work with strings, which is really annoying
bd-: they all give you, or expect, a Date object
Elarcis: any dev can tell you: time is hell
Pyrrhus666: we should just use integer timestamps in UTC and be done with it ;)
None
Elarcis: I don't even know, when humanity will be so spread out that relativity could not be ignored, how we're going to not lose our minds over this
None
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: don&acute;t worry, we&acute;ll never get that far before we cease to exist ;)
smiche: I can't figure out where I'm messing up, maybe chrome thinks I have no references and garbage collects the promise, idk
Elarcis: 'it's been published at 00:15 UTC+2 LT-Earth'
Elarcis: smiche: you might try to reproduce your issue in a plunkr
smiche: okay
smiche: can I give you the deployed website, I need to implement quite a lot of things to have it working on plunkr?
Acer_user: Hi which is the best video tutorial to learn angular js
kamandoko: indonesia
kamandoko: hy
Elarcis: kamandoko: hi indonesia
Elarcis: for Acer_user's defense, they waited more than a minute before getting an answer
smiche: and it seems to work fine on firefox -.-
smiche: I would guess chrome is throwing away my promise?
Elarcis: smiche: at this point, I don't know
Cinx: Hi
Cinx: Hi
Cinx: is someone there?
None
Elarcis: sl33k_: your angular material is not working :P
angrybacon: Would it be possible to $watch over ngModels in a directive B that is child of a directive A and push the new values for these ngModels in the array that is provided in some attribute of A?
sl33k_: :p
sl33k_: Have I placed it in the corrent order?
None
smiche: Okay it works in chrome, It must be a chromium specific issue -.-
angrybacon: I require A in B with &quot;require: '^?A'&quot; but it seems the controller I get in A's link is always empty
bd-: sl33k_: your script tags are mental
bd-: wrong order and some repeated
bd-: two versions of angular included
Elarcis: sl33k_: apparently your script is breaking, it seems there's a polyfill you're missing
smiche: I just wasted 1h because of chromium clearing my promises or doing weird stuff x.x
sl33k_: bd-,Elarcis: There was this that was not loading
None
Elarcis: bd-: hol sh, didn't even notice that hell of a head tag
Elarcis: aand, lunch time
None
icebox: Foxandxss: trying to store somewhere IRC knowledge :)
Foxandxss: sounds good to me
None
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 823295f Justas Brazauskas: docs(*): fix typos in comments and docs...
hemangpatel: Hello, morning there
heartburn: all the parts/joins/shittalk in one place, with search. :o)
hemangpatel: What exactly typings.json and systemjs.config.js does in angular 2 ?
heartburn: adds up to the overhead.
heartburn: also makes tsc and modules work.
heartburn: but mostly overhead.
None
heartburn: hemangpatel: --^
heartburn: also #typescript
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x a033eb7 Justas Brazauskas: docs(*): fix typos in comments and docs...
None
hemangpatel: heartburn, How it adds overhead ? I thought it runs at only compile time.
_eddy: morning guys, is any a good recommend blog or some article that i can read about module, service, factory and controller. Did this a while ago but want to refresh my memory thanks
None
_eddy: icebox, any for angular 1.5
icebox: _eddy: that is for angular 1.5 :)
smiche: sometimes the good old $timeout seems to be the only way to sync up the view x.x
_eddy: ta lol was looking at the url icebox cheers
icebox: _eddy: it uses ES2015 instead of ES%, but you can backport the hints :)
icebox: _eddy: *ES5
Vicky: Does any one know Free open source like Tableau Software in angular with excel upload and fields drag drop for creating charts
icebox: smiche: are you sure? any plunker reproducing it?
smiche: only got the website, plunkr might take too long(jquery ui, router, malahar table, ui sortable + 5-6 more things involved)
icebox: Vicky: I don't think so... you may give a look ag-grid
Vicky: Ok
bd-: : Using controllerAs is dead, in my opinion
bd-: can they just make up their mind
bd-: every iteration of these styleguides seem to be counter to the previous one
icebox: bd-: really? strong opinion
bd-: that's from that 1.5 motto guide
star_prone: hi
star_prone: how do I see all events registered through $broadcast?
icebox: bd-: &quot;We also don&rsquo;t need controllerAs as $ctrl is a component default&quot;
Vicky: I have checked ag-grid it is just data grid, i want free open source where i can upload excel data and prepare visualization chart with fields drag and drop
bd-: so wait we're back to $scope then?
icebox: bd-: ah I see the point... it is about the syntax, not the effects (no $scope)... never used controllerAs syntax, because using components or routing
icebox: Vicky: there is no one
icebox: Vicky: at least ready for angular
bd-: i feel like there's no point following people's styleguides because they change them so often
bd-: at least if you wanted to keep your style up to date
None
icebox: bd-: really? it seems to me quite coherent the trend
icebox: Vicky: tableau or qlikview are a whole product... there is not any grid widget with those features
Vicky: Yes. I know, but i was just looking here if anyone here may have information about this, i don't want to start from scratch.
icebox: Vicky: well... there are a lot of custom solutions :) but they are commercial or insider projects
icebox: Vicky: you cannot &quot;buy&quot; that knowledge in irc :)
Vicky: Ok, Thanks for the help Icebox:
icebox: Vicky: you are welcome
Vicky: Icebox: is it good idea that i should start developing this application by me.
icebox: Vicky: I don't think so...
Vicky: At least basics, where i can upload data and prepare standard charts.
icebox: Vicky: because that requirement needs to be very customized based on the customer needs
icebox: Vicky: upload a file and charts are not matter of angular :)
Elarcis: star_prone: I don't think you can
Vicky: I am looking at that bigger picture, here in our organization we have few client to whom we create chart and send them.
star_prone: Elarcis: :(
Vicky: icebox : pls ignore above line
Elarcis: star_prone: $on listens to any event, regardless of $broadcast or $emit
Vicky: icebox: I am not looking at that bigger picture, here in our organization we have few client to whom we create chart and send them.
Elarcis: star_prone: however it might be possible that all listeners are stored somewhere, though I don't know where
icebox: Vicky: it doesn't seem a use case for a SPA... it seems you have a number crunching phase and a report one: the final product is a pdf with charts and text :)
star_prone: Elarcis: those events are probably some objects or values within objects or arrays or smth. I know that $on listens to any kind of event, it's just that I'm trying to debug something and I don't know where is it coming from. for this reason, I want to see what events are registered at any given point
Elarcis: star_prone: can't you just search for the name of your event and see what's emitting it?
nishu-tryinghard: star_prone, yes search your project with that event name and try to log something or send something specific from each of them to track it
icebox: star_prone: in the scope there is $$listeners
star_prone: icebox: thanks!!! probably that is what I'm looking for
star_prone: :d
icebox: star_prone: at your risk :)
star_prone: Elarcis: I did that already :(
senayar: don't hack the framework
senayar: :D
star_prone: who, me? I barely know how to use it...
None
Elarcis: star_prone: variables and methods starting with $$ are usually named so to warn that they're internal to angularjs and should not be used directly
asdf_: hello there ?
asdf_: anybody around ?
Elarcis: star_prone: if it's to debug, I believe it's worth it
Elarcis: asdf_: no
Elarcis: HAHA
star_prone: Elarcis: I ain't gonna use it, I know what $$ entities are; I will just take a short peek :D
Elarcis: 'Go ask to #angularjs. _I went there, there's nobody active! _how long did you stay? _...12 seconds?'
uru: Elarcis: the ngbot should do that automatically ;)
uru: It could keep tabs on how long people last and keep a leader board
Elarcis: uru: haha, like someone stays less than two minutes, or ask a question then leaves before anyone talks, we count the number of seconds they stayed here
uru: Yep
Elarcis: wow, people with actual ipv6 exist
Elarcis: I thought it was a legend
None
uru: In the early mornings in the mist of the forest before the sun has fully risen
Elarcis: uru: there lied an old fox
uru: s/old fox/ipv6 user/
Elarcis: uru: that sounds like the start of an awesome tale
senayar: Highchart is raising error smiche
smiche: yep because link function isn't being called before the controller to set uniqueId
senayar: it's because controller function is always executed before link function pre and post
smiche: oh
senayar: use a component
senayar: it will solve all  your issue
senayar: if you can use angular 1.5
None
kblin: hi folks
smiche: weird since it works on local server &amp; deployed the same way, just not on plunkr
senayar: well if the problem is only to render your highchart just put the code from ctrl into the link function smiche
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, can you tell me from your ng2 learning and usage the significant as well as noticeable difference in ng2 vs ng1 and not related to syntax
nishu-tryinghard: like we have to bootstrap our modules using NgModule as such
None
Snugglebash: Hi, can someone tell me what would be the ngMaterial equivalent of bootstrap &quot;col-lg-6&quot;
smiche: yup
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: you can google that, I'm not an ng2 expert at that point, and I believe there are already plenty of articles explaining that
bd-: nishu-tryinghard: not really that much different. typescript, some different syntaxes, otherwise mostly the same
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, already read them. wanted to know more
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: I can't tell you more than what you already read
nishu-tryinghard: I think the noticeable difference for the people coming from ng1 to ng2 will be systemjs/webpack
bd-: yea you can't just throw a cdn link to ng2 on a page and go
bd-: you have to spend way too much time messing with build systems and other shit
nishu-tryinghard: Yes iam more interested in this, sorry i didnt make it clear
nishu-tryinghard: not just the difference in framework but also the think like package manager etc which change when using ng2
bd-: do you have some specific questions about it?
nishu-tryinghard: i used to use gulp in ng1 so that is that replaced with when using ng2
nishu-tryinghard: what is*
None
bd-: depends, there's probably some ng2 build systems that use gulp. the 'official' angular-cli one is webpack
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: gulp is not a build system, it's just a task manager. that's why in most recent setups, there's no more gulp: all build-related tasks have been moved to a dedicated build tool, which often renders gulp useless
elsevero: I have a custom directive which translates a datestring into a custom format (using ngModel.$formatters &amp; ngModel.$parsers)
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: although you can still have gulp installed for various stuff, I believe it's a good thing to not use it to build the app anymore. a dedicated tool provides more adapted features, while often depending on the same packages than gulp
elsevero: It works only for editable fields
elsevero: how do I make it work for span: / div: ?
bd-: gulp is part of a build system
Elarcis: elsevero: there's the angularjs datetime filter for that
Elarcis: elsevero: *date filter
bd-: elsevero: shouldn't you be using a filter for that?
bd-: oh but if you're using $parsers it's for form fields
bd-: hmm
nishu-tryinghard: bd-, Elarcis ty this discussion cleared some doubts as well as wrong perception about gulp
Elarcis: elsevero: You should extract the format string used by your directive to an angularjs constant, then inject that constant wherever you want to format your date
Elarcis: elsevero: (with the date filter, that is)
nikitabanthiya14: hi how to create browser notification ??
nikitabanthiya14: any leads will be helpful
bd-: nikitabanthiya14: html5 notification api
nikitabanthiya14: its gcm related?
bd-: gcm?
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: angular1 or 2?
nikitabanthiya14: ya gcm will give message andto show
bd-: wtf is gcm
Elarcis: google cloud messaging?
nikitabanthiya14: @elarcis angular 1
Elarcis: Guaranteed Communication Mantra?
nikitabanthiya14: yaa like that  hi how to create browser notification ??
Elarcis: Guacamole Curated with Mango?
nikitabanthiya14: oops
Pyrrhus666: garbage collection something ?
elsevero: Elarcis: &quot;You should extract the format string used by your directive to an angularjs constant, then inject that constant wherever you want to format your date&quot;. not sure how you'd inject that constant
None
None
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: seems old tho
bd-: elsevero: you can just stick the format string in the html template as the date filter parameter
nikitabanthiya14: @elarcis noo
None
None
None
nikitabanthiya14: @elarcis .. i checked already before link .. not like that .. they dont have option for gcm
icebox: Snugglebash: material uses flexbox
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: aaaah, so you want push notifs
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, no i dont want to push anything :p
Elarcis: gfd;gjh,frlkgif&ugrave;
icebox: smiche: see docs about layout
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, hold reset for 30 sec then pull power code and hold it for another 30 sec and plug in power cord and hold for another 30 sec
nishu-tryinghard: now do you feel good?
nikitabanthiya14: @elearcis didu get my point?
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis program crashed
nikitabanthiya14: @elearcis did u get my point?
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: not at all T_t
nikitabanthiya14: @elarcis i want to implement the browser notification but notification will come from gcm .. i wont call any api .. i will take it from gcm
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: sooo, even if the site is offline or not?
rand0m: afternoon people :)
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: are you on mobile or desktop?
nikitabanthiya14: now on desktop
nishu-tryinghard: evening rand0m
rand0m: hello hello
soee: any example how would look directive that will check if authed user is object owner and keep or remove some template part based on the result ?
Elarcis: nikitabanthiya14: because I haven't the slightest idea of how GCM works
nikitabanthiya14: @elarcis  if offline .. i guess notification will come when u online ..
nikitabanthiya14: @elarcis same here man :/
Pyrrhus666: seems gcm is deprecated in favor of fcm though.
Pyrrhus666: (yay for acronyms)
kblin: if I want to handle an error in a $resource, how would I do that?
senayar: after the success case kblin
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: Fuck Communication, Man
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: got it in one ;)
senayar: $resource('....').then(function(success) { console.log(success) }, function (error) { console.log(error) });
kblin: senayar: hmm, but the error looks different from what I expect
Elarcis: senayar: ffs use a catch() block instead, please
nishu-tryinghard: FCM fuck callback man
nishu-tryinghard: GCM get catch man
smiche: icebox: layout for ui-router?
None
icebox: smiche: what?
None
smiche: 14:56 icebox: smiche: see docs about layout
Elarcis: kblin: use a catch() block instead, as a second callback doesn't catch any error thrown inside of the first then() callback
senayar: you need to use $promise to use .catch on $resource
Elarcis: kblin: it only catches errors thrown in previous then() blocks, which makes it equal to a catch() block, only more explicit and less bonkers
Elarcis: senayar: what.
Elarcis: senayar: really?
senayar: never used it in real case but
None
Elarcis: holy guacamole
Elarcis: oh well
icebox: smiche: mistell... it was for Snugglebash
nishu-tryinghard: what is the use case for compile in a directive?
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: dynamic template?
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, the whole point of Directive is to make our template dynamic then what more does compile adds?
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: dynamic, non-hardcoded templates
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, iam finding it hard to imagine how i can build a dynamic template, can you elaborate on this?
nishu-tryinghard: like using transclude?
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: fetching it from a distant url, building it from strings, or determining the template path via code rather than ng-switch
bd-: i have a directive that repeats elements that builds template dynamically based on the contents of the original element
bd-: and i use compile for that
falkkk: Hey Guys
nishu-tryinghard: bd-, can i get access to that code?
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, building it from strings?
bd-: not really, internal company stuff
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: your webapp has an admin panel where the admin can customize the angular template of some widgets
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: the template is stored into a string fetched from the server, you have to use compile to use it
falkkk: does someone know, if there is something simliar to &quot;e.dataTransfer.setData('Text', this.id)&quot; in an eventListener, but for an touch event?
Snugglebash: icebox: yeah for ui-router
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, ah! ty now it makes sense but i read that compile is called only once during initialization
soee: how can i pass object to directive used as attribute only ?
bd-: compiling can be useful for performance stuff to, if say you need to switch elements based on data type or whatever, rather than have a ton of ng-if or ng-switch you can use compile to generate the right one once then databind the generated html
Elarcis: nishu-tryinghard: initialization of your directive, yes.
icebox: Snugglebash: ?
Elarcis: soee: add a binding to your directive and pass the object via it
icebox: Elarcis: it seems I am out of sync like in Fringe :)
nishu-tryinghard: bd-, ty i just had a though of such use case for the project iam working on maybe ill use this. I have a modal which has 2 templates
Elarcis: icebox: try not to disintegrate
nishu-tryinghard: thought*
Elarcis: icebox: or worse, erase yourself from existence
nishu-tryinghard: Elarcis, bd- ty
nishu-tryinghard: one last thing lets say i have a initial html and  a success and failure, previously i used to use ng-if or ng-show to show the result of the actions in the initial page so from the above discussion i dont have to do that now as this can be done via compile?
Elarcis: ah, I can't wait for TS to implement this stuff: let mergedObject = {...object1, ...object2}
None
Elarcis: looks like they're struggling to determine the type of mergedObject, though
None
Elarcis: icebox: doesn't look very pretty yet
icebox: Elarcis: indeed... it is ts :P
Elarcis: icebox: HEY
Elarcis: icebox: that's just not true
smiche: $timeout 0 seems to be the only thing to cure this
Snugglebash: icebox: i am looking for an angular alternative for bootstrap &quot;col-lg-6&quot; using ui-router
Laynee: hi folx.. is it possible to injext 3rd party js library into angular app (controller) ?
Elarcis: icebox: since TS can't remove from standardized JS syntax
Elarcis: smiche: in that case you can even remove the 0
smiche: oh
Snugglebash: icebox: sorry got it now
Snugglebash: icebox: sorry it didnt ping for me to see your response. thanks
icebox: Laynee: yes, it is
nishu-tryinghard: Laynee, you can create a directive and use that library in the link block of it. that one way i know how to us eit
Laynee: icebox different method than nishu-tryinghard mentioned ?
icebox: Laynee: as usual
Laynee: icebox so just add it to inject part of app and inject it in controller /
nishu-tryinghard: Laynee, you should create a plunkr and try it out. In this way you can share that plunkr here to get more insight. Thats how i learnt it and you can too
None
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, that link was very useful
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: there is also a quick and dirty way, but I cannot find the resource :P
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, i think i used that quick and dirtyway, i just used script tag to load my library i directly used it in my link block
icebox: nishu-tryinghard: there is another one :)
nishu-tryinghard: And the url which you posted i used to avoid this dirty case(thinking that it will be magically available globally)
nishu-tryinghard: oh didnt know there are more than 2 ways to do it
nishu-tryinghard: is*
Laynee: i wanna use quick and dirty way D:
smiche: I don't get it, width of div is 1300 and $timeout0 later it's 1070
smiche: and 1070 is the proper one
None
kblin: sakustar, Elarcis: Sorry, had to dash off quickly, I'll give using catch a try
nishu-tryinghard: icebox, is this one you were talking about?
geoid: I'm trying to wrap my head around promises... I don't understand why $http.get() and var d = $q.defer(); return d; don't return the same thing?
geoid: the former seems to return resolved data whereas the latter seems to return a promise object that I don't know what to do with.
kblin: ok, it looks like my transformResponse function is futzing with my error data :/
geoid: I thought they both return a promise but doesn't seem to work in practise.
Elarcis: geoid: 1. you should not use defer() as it's most often useless, and 2. defer() returns a deferred object, which has a promise property, whereas get() just returns a promise
zathras: Hi. Any chance I can find Matt Lewis here?
icebox: zathras: the actor?
Elarcis: Hi zathras, yes it's me
zathras: cool
zathras: can I get in PM?
Elarcis: no, sorry
Elarcis: also jk, I'm not Matt Lewis
None
Elarcis: I don't think celebrity impersonation is well appreciated in the code of conduct
Elarcis: maybe we should add a clause to it
Elarcis: geoid: what icebox said
geoid: ok tx
None
zathras: icebox, thanks, I am aware of that page, but was hoping for a quick chat
angrybacon: Trying to replicate my issue to better debug it, I have come across another issue. My child directive doesn't seem to be able to find the required parent:
None
icebox: zathras: any issue we may provide help?
zx_bud: hello, I'm trying to figure how configure karma in my angular project, anyone can help? I'm starting from the testing page of angular doc :(
zathras: I am new to nodejs/angular. I am trying to install one of his projects using npm. That fails due to E404s on standard packages and a direct reference to github which needs, I assume, an account with cached credentials.
zathras: I would like to stay on the package provided by Debian Jessie and not commence in manual installs/compilations
zathras: my goal is to run: npm install --save angular2-calendar
zathras: but even building a local npm index fails with memory errors although I have over 16 GB free memory left
zathras: (not sure if that index would be helpfull though)
zathras: any pointers appreciated
geoid: sometimes when I edit my plunker, the code shown in the inspector doesn't match the actual code. Any clues as to why?
zathras: (mem error is out of memory which sounds plain wrong to me)
geoid: angrybacon could it be because your labelMany directive does not have a controller?... the require property looks for a controller.
nat_: hi, I would like to know if change something in angular
angrybacon: geoid Good catch
angrybacon: So now I get to my original issue, that is: my required controller is empty:
None
geoid: angrybacon that's because you've made it an empty function?
angrybacon: geoid Shouldn't I see the attribute that I feed to the scope?
angrybacon: Or directive's scope is a different thing from controller's?
geoid: directive scope is defs different to controller yes.
geoid: which attribute?
Pyrrhus666: zathras: I think staying on debian packages won&acute;t really work for node/npm. debian is too slow to keep those up to date.
angrybacon: geoid I need to push things in labelMany's model
angrybacon: From labelInput
geoid: what you probably want in your controller is this.property = $scope.property... then you should have access to labelManyController.property
Pyrrhus666: zathras: just install a fresh node/npm and take it from there.
angrybacon: geoid $scope.property is always undefined
angrybacon: (here $scope.model)
zathras: Pyrrhus666, they are also not maintained (for that reason I presume). So I am fine by npm-ing local packages, but I would like npm itself to be as it is
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, shouldnt we use nvm to get the node package?
geoid: are you sure you shouldn't be requiring ngModel instead of labelMany?
Pyrrhus666: zathras: what version does jessie provide ? if it&acute;s in the 4.x range, forget it.
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: also an option.
angrybacon: geoid But how would they communicate then?
angrybacon: (the 2 directives)
geoid: not sure I'm probably not the best person to be answering this 0.o I've never managed to get 2 directives communicating except via $broadcast and $emit.
angrybacon: :-/
geoid: but I thought that was the point of ngModel as a directive... is creating a shared scope
smiche: use a service/factory
zathras: Pyrrhus666, how do I check that? nodejs --version says v0.10.29 where as npm --version says 1.4.21
angrybacon: smiche How? There will be nemerous &quot;labelInput&quot; in my page
angrybacon: Right
Pyrrhus666: zathras: those are ancient.
zathras: yes. That is quite common on Debian
Pyrrhus666: zathras: uninstall those and add new ones. use a ppa or just download.
Pyrrhus666: zathras: there is a ppa that does debian/ubuntu packages, google for it.
nishu-tryinghard: Pyrrhus666, why not install nvm and just use that?
zathras: ppa == ubuntu != debian / manual installation == unmaintainable system : there is a reason Debian is reluctant to install the latest of the latest
Pyrrhus666: nishu-tryinghard: also an option. personally I don&acute;t bother, I have just one version
nishu-tryinghard: i have using nvm and it is good to install any version and set them as default on the fly
Pyrrhus666: zathras: I know, I use debain for over a decade ;)
Pyrrhus666: also , a ppa is just a repository. you can use them fine
zathras: imho a ppa is an untested repository. Untested in that sense that it might be tested on Ubuntu version X but very unlikely on Debian
Pyrrhus666: otherwise, don&acute;t do nodejs, waiting for debian to catch up will take 5 years.
Pyrrhus666: zathras: not if the repo has dedicated jessie packages. and they have.
zathras: Pyrrhus666, do you have an url? btw: a hard freeze of Debian is around the corner which will mean a major jump in versions
None
icebox: zathras: generally speaking, there is a channel for nodejs stuff
zathras: yep, I know, they made the suggestion to see if I could contact the author here, so hence my visit
zathras: thanks for all the pointers though
Pyrrhus666: zathras: that will mean debian will include 4.x. which is still too old ;) I love debian, but node.js&acute;s ecosystem is so volatile they&acute;ll never catch up ;)
None
Elarcis: geoid: ngModel is just a directive to implement two-way databindings on form fields
zathras: that doc btw references Wheezy which is way older than Jessie, so based on that text I assume I am already on node.js : 4.x
zx_bud: icebox: thankyou! +1
Pyrrhus666: zathras: your version is 0.10. that&acute;s way older.
zathras: ah. ok
Pyrrhus666: zathras: also, most projects suggest 5.x or even 6.x.
Pyrrhus666: (should be in the requirement).
zathras: did not notice it. Got to run now. Sorry. Thanks
None
angrybacon: Thanks for the pointers
Ownix: why use angular.isArray over Array.isArray?
Elarcis: Ownix: they're exactly the same
zomg: Ownix: angular.isArray probably works for browsers which don't implement Array.isArray
geoid: angrybacon well done! I think you may be able to just require ngModel in your second directive instead to achieve a similar effect... ngModel then becomes a shared scope for both without needing to require labelManyController scope as an intermediary.
None
Elarcis: zomg: in angular's source, isArray = Array.isArray
zomg: wtf
zomg: why would you even have that then... that's stupid
zomg: huh, isArray works even in IE9...
angrybacon: geoid You mean require ^ngModel?
zomg: interesting
Elarcis: zomg: dunno, I guess if someday they add some logic, it'll be useful
geoid: angrybacon ya
bd-: didn't ng1 support ie8 though?
bd-: i thought that's why angular.isArray existed
angrybacon: geoid What if there's something in between then
zomg: Elarcis: well any logic that they'd add would break existing behavior then so it seems like a bad idea :D
Pyrrhus666: dboskovic: it did.
Elarcis: bd-: they dropped support recently, didn't they?
zomg: ahh
zomg: maybe that's why the implementation is no longer different
Elarcis: zomg: not necessarily
zomg: perhaps it was before?
Elarcis: zomg: perhaps, yes
bd-: yea, it did used to be different
geoid: angrybacon not sure what you mean but if you only need ngModel, then require &quot;^ngModel&quot; should give it to you without needing the intermediary... if however you need access to other properties from the labelManyController, then makes sense the way you did it.
bd-: return toString.apply(value) == '[object Array]';
angrybacon: geoid I meant, what id there
angrybacon: 's a third directive between the 2
geoid: huh?
None
angrybacon: Child of labelMany, parent of labelInput
Elarcis: Ownix: ^
geoid: still lost, try it :)
angrybacon: With its own ngModel
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: nice implementation :)
geoid: I don't think there is such a thing as &quot;it's own ngModel&quot;... I think ngModel is ngModel... all directives are singletons.
Elarcis: zomg, Ownix: they dropped support for IE8 since 1.3 iirc, so that's probably the reason why they're now the same
geoid: but I could be wrong.
Elarcis: geoid: no, you're mistaking a directive's instance with its declaration
None
Ownix: Elarcis: ahh
angrybacon: geoid Yes, to the existant codepen, add another directive between the 2 (parent of one, child of the other). Give that directive a ng-model attribute. Then requiring ^ngModel isn't enough anymore
None
geoid: I could also be mistaking a directive's instance with just about anything else at my level 0.o
Elarcis: icebox: how did you find the commit? just curious
None
Elarcis: icebox: ah, git blame
icebox: Elarcis: yep
Elarcis: WELL THANKS IGOR
Elarcis: YOU DICODICO
Pyrrhus666: YETH MATHTER. THANK YOU MATHTER
Elarcis: IL VA RANGER SA BRIOCHE LE MATHTER
Ownix: git blame is pretty powerful...
zomg: inb4 Foxandxss shows up
zomg: lol
Pyrrhus666: sorry, I only read the english version :)
Ownix: I wish TFS had that
Elarcis: Ownix: my ex-PM used it whenever someone did something stupid with the code
zomg: or actually he won't, he's playing codblops
Elarcis: Ownix: it often fell back on me ;u;
zomg: :P
Elarcis: Ownix: it actually does
Elarcis: Ownix: right click on your file, there should be an option to show who edited each line last
None
Ownix: Elarcis: that works!
Ownix: I thought that option was for leaving comments or something...
None
Elarcis: icebox: eeeeeeyup
Elarcis: icebox: that hurts
None
Elarcis: icebox: predecessor used a complicated set of functions, Object.Create() and other stuff because he used merge everywhere and it removed half the code
icebox: Elarcis: not easy choices
Elarcis: icebox: I don't get it
icebox: Elarcis: for a full and solid merge implementation, angular should use an external lib (lodash, for instance)... and for the router, if angular2 one is not back ported, the only choice is ui router
Elarcis: ah
Elarcis: icebox: isn't ng-router a good choice anymore?
Elarcis: icebox: also, I haven't learned how to use angular 2's router yet, is it any good?
icebox: Elarcis: it is like ui router
Elarcis: icebox: I don't get it, I thout ui-router was better
icebox: Elarcis: sure... but not in the angular family
Elarcis: icebox: ah
Elarcis: icebox: I thought ng-router was angular-made o_o
icebox: Elarcis: link for ng-router?
icebox: Elarcis: ngRoute, you mean?
Elarcis: icebox: wait, they're not the same?
Elarcis: XDD
Elarcis: holy hell I thought they were for two year
Elarcis: *years
icebox: Elarcis: :) ngRoute doesn't support nested and multiple views
None
Elarcis: icebox: me neither
Pyrrhus666: it&acute;s a demo. uses angular&acute;s own router (v3.0.0)
Pyrrhus666: yay for naming things
Elarcis: life is pain, welcome to hell
Elarcis: sorry, got a brief flash of lucidity
kblin: I've got a webapp that can trigger a download based on user interaction. I'm building whatever is downloaded based on the user request, so at the time the user submits the request, I have no clue how large the request is
kblin: on the server side, I can guesstimate the size after a second or two, and would like to abort the download if it's over a certain size
Pyrrhus666: &uml;liberate me ex infernis&uml;
Pyrrhus666: sorry, event horizon flashback :)
Bent0: I need to easily be able to access the Code and Value properties of the Fields array. How can I do so? The array isnt keyed and the numbering is always different. So I cannot just do front.Fields[0].Value to get the firstname.
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: is it ag
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: ood movie?
icebox: kblin: that is a server side affair, isn't it?
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: I love it. good combo of sf, suspense and gore.
Bent0: Preferably I would like it to be an object. So I can do: front.Fields.2102 and it will get the Value
kblin: icebox: yes, that part I can figure out. but I'd like to show a nice error message in my app if the download is aborted
None
Elarcis: Bent0: front.Fields.find((field) =: field.name === 'firstname').Value
icebox: kblin: and what is the issue?
Elarcis: Bent0: ah. then front.Fields.find((field) =: field.Value === 'FirstName').Code;
Bent0: lets see
kblin: icebox: I can't figure out how to catch that an error happened in my angular app
Elarcis: Bent0: could do a function where 'FirstName' is replaced by your parameter
Bent0: I was hoping there to be some JS/Angular function to convert the whole shitty thing to named objects :P
Elarcis: Bent0: there isn't
Elarcis: Bent0: that's JS
kblin: at least not in the right place, where my $resource transformResponse hasn't mangled the response yet
icebox: kblin: that depends on the api
icebox: kblin: ah... you are using $resource
Elarcis: Bent0: maybe using the map() function, but the code depends on what you want
icebox: kblin: no error handler?
Elarcis: Bent0: probably a forEach since you want an object and not an array
kblin: icebox: that was the example I found for using the FileSaver.js stuff with angular
Bent0: Elarcis: This doesnt work: console.log(front.Fields.find((field) =: field.Value === 'Firstname').Code);
Bent0: app.js:90 Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'Code' of undefined
None
kblin: icebox: so the thing is that in the success case, my ContentType is text/csv or the like, in the error case it's application/json. And it seems like I'm always getting text/csv in the error handler
Bent0: lemme see
Elarcis: Bent0: you forgot capital N
Bent0: That did not work so I changed to to lowercase as Firstname is lowercase in the Array
Elarcis: Bent0: also I'm not your code-mom, you're grown up enough to check for errors in code :3
Bent0: yeye :)
icebox: kblin: no idea how the api is implemented
icebox: kblin: in terms of headers
icebox: kblin: to catch an error you need to use an error handler
kblin: icebox: headers look fine if I curl a too big request manually, let me pastebin
Bent0: Elarcis: That last function works flawlessly. Thanks for that
None
icebox: kblin: :) and what?
kblin: so that's how the API responds
icebox: kblin: you need to catch a 400 response
icebox: kblin: that is the point
kblin: icebox: on the $resource?
icebox: kblin: google it for a few hints
Elarcis: icebox: I googled it and only found info for an horror movie :c
None
Pyrrhus666: with a clown by any chance ?
kblin: icebox: yeah, sure, I also tried .catch() on my promise
kblin: icebox: but at that point my data object is always mangled by my transformResponse function
icebox: kblin: I am afraid if you don't provide a minimal working plunker reproducing the issue, I cannot follow you
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: never saw that movie, dunno if I should
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: me neither. the book was good though.
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: last horror movie I saw was The Descent, and it made me wake-up in the middle of the night screaming like a possessed man
icebox: kblin: it is not about .catch of a promise... it is the error handle of $resource call
icebox: kblin: *handler
kblin: icebox: sure, but Resource.query().$promise.then(..., function (error) {console.log(error)}) gives me error object that's been modified by the transformResponse function I set on the Resource's query action
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: hehe. guess horror isn&acute;t your thing then. I only had problems after  wathing ringu and ringu2 in one sitting :)
SaltyCatFish: Does anyone use Docker in their typical workflow?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: (although I didn't find it that frightening, just unnerving and overly gore)
icebox: kblin: ok... and what is the error? a text, a stringified json?
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: gore is always a plus, for me :)
icebox: kblin: what is the issue with that error?
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: I mean we get it, she gets biten in the jugular, she bleeds out to death, no need to make everyone take a bath of blood every two minutes
kblin: icebox: the error should be an object with an &quot;error&quot; member that contains my error message
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: try some rob zombie movies. the master of slasher horror :)
icebox: kblin: but? what is the content?
kblin: icebox: but it's an arraybuffer instead, because that's what I defined on the resource action
sakustar: Pyrrhus666: rob zombie has made a decent movie?
icebox: kblin: I am afraid I am missing something
icebox: kblin: sorry
kblin: so I guess basically if I can figure out how to go from arraybuffer to json, I'd be all set
icebox: kblin: I am not sure you should do that
Elarcis: Pyrrhus666: I don't know. I mean I liked The Shining a lot. That's the kind of fear I liked: uncanny and stressful.
icebox: kblin: from the docs &quot;By default, transformResponse will contain one function that checks if the response looks like a JSON string and deserializes it using angular.fromJson.&quot;
kblin: icebox: yeah, and I'm using it to return a Blob object instead so I can then use Blob.saveAs() from FileSaver.js
icebox: kblin: ah.. you are using FileSaver... an hidden detail :)
Pyrrhus666: Elarcis: personal preference I guess. I don&acute;t really care for the shining. oh well :)
icebox: kblin: anyway I am lost without a plunker to debug :)
kblin: icebox: ah, sorry, I mentioned that before, but it might have been obfuscated enough to miss it
icebox: kblin: sure you mentioned it &quot;that was the example I found for using the FileSaver.js stuff with angular&quot;
kblin: icebox: thanks for the help so far
icebox: kblin: but usually we need to separate stuff for an effective troubleshooting :)
kblin: I've not had much luck getting anything to work with angular and plunker, unfortunately
aperyon: hi guys! im having concurency and/or fileconflict issues with karma, can anyone help please?
icebox: kblin: I see
icebox: aperyon: is this karma channel?
aperyon: nope but karma is by angular, and karma channel is basically empty
aperyon: and i assume you test your code :)
icebox: aperyon: karma is not by angular :)
kblin: icebox: I'll try again, but anything beyond the most simple hello world thing I've not managed to get to work in plunker
None
icebox: aperyon: sure... it is used by angular... but it is not by angular
aperyon: ok so i cant ask about testing here right?
icebox: aperyon: sure... I said that only to warn you maybe you don't get an answer
nishu-tryinghard: anyone know how to make the uib-navbar toggle work at lower resolution?
aperyon: i think i can get more answers here than in #karma with 5 roommates
Elarcis: aperyon: haha
icebox: aperyon: ah ok... it seems it is better looking for the lost keys close to a light, instead of close to the place where the keys are :)
aperyon: pretty spot on terminology :)
icebox: aperyon: anyway I didn't catch those kind of errors with karma
icebox: aperyon: any error?
icebox: aperyon: meaning, any message error?
aperyon: the problem is, that you pass everything into the files section in your karma config
aperyon: now if i focus only on describe, then tests will break as other imported files (in karma config) will break
aperyon: but this could be circumvented, if i comment those out as well
aperyon: the big problem is
aperyon: i can run my set of tests 16 times and on the 17th it will break
aperyon: not a specific test, but phantom js throws an error
aperyon: no failed tests, just an error
icebox: aperyon: I understand...
icebox: aperyon: there is an async call failing
aperyon: its fullcalendar related, if you ever used it
Elarcis: aaand, I'm off, bye!
aperyon: yes, i assumed its something with async
icebox: Elarcis: ciao
Elarcis: aperyon: used it on an old project, but not in an angular way
Elarcis: aperyon: and even less in a unit testing way x)
aperyon: my problem is about fullcalendar but it could be anything tomorrow
icebox: aperyon: I am afraid you need to provide a minimal working plunker, reproducing the issue, because that could be a nasty problem to identify without any code
icebox: and really I need to go
icebox: off... bye
aperyon: bye
quangl: is gopher dead?
quangl: hi
zomg: quangl: since 1996?
zomg: :P
quangl: ok
quangl: do u think university of minisota felt like they lost?
geoid: aperyon this is a problem with phantomjs in general... it's hard to debug. It should provide some information with the error though.. like file name and line number.
geoid: quangl gopher has gone underground :D
AxldenieD: Hello :)
tombee: Does anyone have any suggestions on how I could $http POST the contents of a file (via an input[type=&quot;file&quot;] field) that is potentially large (not using multipart).  I'm finding that FileReader on a 190mb file just crashes the browser.
None
shyman: Hi guys
amergin: that is, by using ng-file-upload
zomg: tombee: I don't know if that would work via $http since it doesn't support FormData iirc
shyman: I'm using Angular 2, but I'm getting Error 401: the request applied lacks valid authentication credential
shyman: That when consuming a GET Backend Service
zomg: tombee: you can try sending it manually via XMLHttpRequest and FormData
shyman: The thing is that I've been testing it with Postman and this GET service works.
tombee: amergin, zomg: thanks..
shyman: I'm passing the headers as an instance of RequestOptions
tombee: I've been testing out ng-file-upload already, but I couldn't get it to stop using multipart form data.
shyman: and it's a valid authentication Token.
tombee: amergin: going to try out the suggestion in that issue
shyman: Any suggestion?
jpstone: I have an input with a button attached with unique formatting that i want to reuse. so i want to create a component. but, we need custom validators on the reused components, which is a directive on the input. how can i attach those custom validators dynamically using the component-style?
zomg: jpstone: you could probably have an attribute on the component for defining that?
jpstone: right, but all of my validators are in directives right now
zomg: or even with a directive if you just expose some api from the component's controller that can then be used in the directive to add those validators
jpstone: which are attributes directly on the input element
zomg: ok, so the directive does something with the ngModel to add the validator or..?
jpstone: yeah, i would likely have to expose the methods inside the directive
jpstone: ctrl.$validators.whatever = whatever
zomg: yeah something like that would be doable
jpstone: i would have to expose whatever
jpstone: hmm ok
zomg: ctrl.addValidator(stuff) too if you don't want to have all the details directly like that
jpstone: sounds like a sane solution
jpstone: a bit of refactoring to expose them
jpstone: but no big deal
zomg: it might be possible to make the component look like it's an input with an ngModel too
None
zomg: so you can just plug a directive that would work on a normal input into it
jpstone: and then i could have a directive on the component...&quot;addValidators&quot; and loop through the binding and add them like that
dentalfloss: Hey guys, I'm just looking for some advice on architecture for an angular2 app (relative newbie). Anyone have a moment?
dentalfloss: I have a login page that needs to have a different template than the main pages (behind the login page). i.e. it doesn't have a navbar or anything like that. It's not clear to me how to structure this because I'd like to have the main app template living in app.component.html, but how can I override that for one particular route?
falkkk: some one worked with ng-touch here?
Satenik: Hi
Satenik: glad to join
GreenJello: hi Satenik :-)
None
marc_v92: I know this isn't directly an AngularJS, but hoping someone here might have some insight. I'm using the Angular-Material framework, but when I click an md-menu: item, it breaks my page layout, because it sets the body: tag to a fixed position with a -232px top position, so every other fixed position element on my page also gets shifted by -232px and it looks broken. Has anyone here experienced this?
marc_v92: isn't directly an AngularJS question*
wrkrcoop: do you recommend localstorage or $cookies?
zomg: wrkrcoop: if you only need browser access, localStorage
zomg: since it's only accessible in the browser
wrkrcoop: zomg: what other kind of access is there?
zomg: cookies could be accessed from the server since the browser sends them on each request
wrkrcoop: oh &hellip;.
wrkrcoop: zomg: do u know what the standard way is for sending session id to the user from the backend?
zomg: cookies :)
wrkrcoop: zomg: and do cookies get sent in the body or headers?
zomg: headers
wrkrcoop: hm ok
None
wrkrcoop: so i import $http in many controllers &hellip;
wrkrcoop: does that mean i have to set up config in all those places?
wrkrcoop: this.http = $http({withCredentials: true})
wrkrcoop: sorry not import, inject
None
jr3: also if I wrap vm.verificationEnd in {{}} it complete breaks
None
wrkrcoop: when i call this method it doesnt seemt to call my backend, i just get net::ERR_EMPTY_RESPONSE
wrkrcoop: current hunch is its a preflight thing
jr3: It seens that having a directive in a dynamic modal creates some interesting databinding side effects
jr3: I think the link function is executing before the scope is ready or the data on the scope is redy
bzitzow: Hi
bzitzow: We have a directive that uses ng-repeat in it&rsquo;s template and the ng-repeat is rendering a collection of 10k items
bzitzow: I&rsquo;d like to do the initial rendering of the template outside of ng-repeat
bzitzow: and then allow ng-repeat to use it
bzitzow: I&rsquo;m hoping someone else has come across this or can help me fill in the blanks in how I might go about this
bzitzow: Is there a way I can extend/override ng-repeat or should I be looking at writing my own directive?
bzitzow: Should I be decorating ng-repeat and override the compile function?
CanyonMan: OMG I think it's running      16/10/03 16:12:56 INFO mapreduce.Job:  map 1% reduce 0%
CanyonMan: Error: org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.BlockMissingException: Could not obtain block: BP-1320112430-10.240.2.250-1475337472052:blk_1073777890_37116 file=/tmp/hadoop-yarn/staging/hadoop/.staging/job_1475525376574_0001/job.split
CanyonMan: wrong channel, sorry
CanyonMan: :(
Ami_: Hello
Ami_: I have question about angular logic
Ami_: how to get the HTML TABLE Particullar Cell Value using angular js file
Ami_: i have javascript code
Ami_: script language=&quot;javascript&quot;:          var tbl = document.getElementById(&quot;tblMain&quot;);         if (tbl != null) {             for (var i = 0; i  tbl.rows.length; i++) {                 for (var j = 0; j  tbl.rows[i].cells.length; j++)                     tbl.rows[i].cells[j].onmouseover = function () { getval(this); };             }         }          function getval(cel) {             alert(cel.innerHTML);         }     /script:
Ami_: But i don't know how to do it in angular this is my first time to doing it
aiglesias: hi
Ami_: hello
Ami_: Are you helper?
aiglesias: i can help for sure
aiglesias: will stay around
Ami_: okay so I have a question in angular this is my first time using so i need help
aiglesias: question: can i add ui-router to handle just one state?
Ami_: how to get the HTML TABLE Particullar Cell Value using angular js file
aiglesias: Ami_: have you read an Angular tutorial before?
Ami_: yeh
aiglesias: Ami_: you may want to check directives
aiglesias: if you want to play with the DOM
Ami_: I actually using a DOm
Ami_: here is my javascript code
Ami_: script language=&quot;javascript&quot;:          var tbl = document.getElementById(&quot;tblMain&quot;);         if (tbl != null) {             for (var i = 0; i  tbl.rows.length; i++) {                 for (var j = 0; j  tbl.rows[i].cells.length; j++)                     tbl.rows[i].cells[j].onmouseover = function () { getval(this); };             }         }          function getval(cel) {             alert(cel.innerHTML);         }     /script:
Ami_: Can you translate this code in angular for me?
magellanicloud: You are missing basic stuff. I would recommend reading a tutorial.
NTrash: is angular 1 now deprecated?
Ami_: okay thanks
Mr_Grim: what's a good tool to compile Ecma script 6 to Ecma script 5?
Mr_Grim: I want to do my next angular project using 2.0
aiglesias: Mr_Grim: you may want to check TypeScript
aiglesias: you could also use Babel to transpile ES6 into ES5, but since the community is moving towards TypeScript, you may better check that
None
jr3: line 1 reads it just fine
NTrash: Do people here know angular 2?
Mr_Grim: ok
Mr_Grim: TypeScript it is
Snugglebash: Hey, I have 5 custom directives in separate .js files. I want to keep them in separate js files. is there a way to add them to my index.html with a single line?
Mr_Grim: Im learning Angular 2.0
Mr_Grim: And TypeScript
Mr_Grim: Im reading like crazy and going through GitHub and looking at code
ries: When using $state.go (&hellip;.) and you stay on the same state, but the params change, does angular still fire event&rsquo;s when reloadOnSearch is set to false?
dentalfloss: I have a login page that needs to have a different template than the main pages (behind the login page). i.e. it doesn't have a navbar or anything like that. It's not clear to me how to structure this because I'd like to have the main app template living in app.component.html, but how can I override that for one particular route?
