None
AimerPaddle: running into this issue on centos 7
rand0m: hey AimerPaddle
rand0m: try node-gyp rebuild
rand0m: on your CentOS machine
rand0m: if that doesn't solve your issue, try installing execSync again
rand0m: npm install execSync
rand0m: sorry
rand0m: sudo npm install execSync -g
rand0m: normally it takes some time to when it attempts to compile... so you should give it atleast 30 mins? and see what happens
AimerPaddle: alright I&rsquo;ll try that and let you know what happens. Thanks for the help!
GhostChilli: Hey guys, first time using Angular. Trying to add a method to the scope and add that method to the ng-click event
None
batmaan: hello
batmaan: bit of a noob here.  I'm using rails 4.2.2 and I'm trying to access /assets/images/pic.png through angular1.  I've looked at several stack overflow/google posts, but I'm still not quite sure what I'm missing.  any tips or links to resources?
zomg: batmaan: I'm not sure what angular has to do with accessing images
batmaan: I'm trying to display them on the front end.
zomg: Yes, and it works exactly the same with angular as it works with standard html since angular is just javascript
zomg: If the image doesn't load, check the URL. Most likely it's either an issue with an incorrect URL, or incorrect Rails asset serving settings
batmaan: I know how to access it using rails with %= image_tag &quot;rails.png&quot; %: but in this case, the image is in an angular object.
zomg: Right, so that would be useful to tell when you're asking a question so I wouldn't need to guess =)
zomg: Assuming you have obj.image or whatever, you can assign $scope.obj = obj; and then do img ng-src=&quot;obj.image&quot;:
batmaan: Sorry, I forgot to include that info. :)  I will try that and see what happens.  Thank you for your help.  I appreciate it.  I signed up to your email newsletter as well.  Your blog seems interesting.
zomg: Huh
zomg: That's the first time someone on irc does that without me even linking anything
zomg: lol
zomg: Just curious, did you plug my name into google or something? :P
batmaan: zomg: just clicked on your name and the whois info popped up.
batmaan: Thanks again for the help.
zomg: figured.. but you're still the first person ever to do that
zomg: :D
zomg: and no problem
GhostChilli: Hey guys, trying to do pagination in angular, where the server responds with only the required elements. So I've got an object, 'pagination' which contains start:0, end:2, per_page:2, pages:3, total:5 . I just want a way to loop through and add a '1','2', '3' for each of the pages. Anyone able to help me use NG repeat in this way?
GhostChilli: Or is it better to return all the data and do pagination that way?
GhostChilli: Currently it will return two items (along with the 'pagination' object)
newbie_: does ng-init work for function expressions
newbie_: ?
newbie_: for example I am using ng-init=&quot;homepage()&quot;
newbie_: Can anyone help here?
sbeex: hello devs :) I have cfeated a component() with angular 1.5 and I would like to access its canvas: described in its view. I tried with angular.element('canvas') -: but it returns me all canvas: not only the one for this component view. how could I avoid that ?
heartburn: $element[0].querySelector('canvas');
heartburn: gotta inject $element first tho
sbeex: heartburn: yep but it will only look on my component view ? (I have multiple instance of it..)
heartburn: $element[0] is the context node for the querySelector lookup.
heartburn: meaning it'll get you the first canvas inside that context.
sbeex: heartburn: thank you ! you saved my day ! :) it's AWESOME ! :D
Elarcis: let's go for a shitty day, hi!
John: Hi
None
Guest91967: Hi
Guest91967: Need help on ang2
Elarcis: guess you didn't need it this bad
heartburn: Elarcis: you ok buddy?
Elarcis: heartburn: we started refactoring the app, it's a colossal thing, and the PM is incresingly tense about the time it takes me to rewrite it
icebox: Elarcis: 2.0.2 :)
Elarcis: icebox: heh?
icebox: Elarcis: ng2
Elarcis: ah
sbeex: Elarcis: haha ! we will move to angular2 in december : I can't imagine we achieve it in a month
heartburn: Elarcis: talk to him and explain why it takes longer than expected, otherwise make it a problem and talk to his sups. nothing wrong with that.
Elarcis: it's not even about angular 2
sbeex: ng2 is what ?
Elarcis: it's turning shitty object literals into OOP typescript
Elarcis: AND changing the paradigm we base the app on
heartburn: sounds like hella fun to me.
heartburn: (no, it's not)
icebox: Elarcis: no incremental? only big bang?
heartburn: : into OOP typescript
heartburn: hehe. reminds me my last job.
heartburn: let's take this dumb and boring code and make shiny new.
Elarcis: icebox: yes... it's radical, and the tech expert had me and the PM persuaded it'd take us less than two weeks
Elarcis: icebox: we've been in for a month now
Elarcis: icebox: and it's nowhere near half complete
jalnt: converting an angular app to angular 2?
icebox: Elarcis: sigh
heartburn: Elarcis: so it's not refactoring but rather switching the tooling?
heartburn: because you're totally describing the situation at my last job.
heartburn: what should have been done: take the existing code, rewrite in from ground up the exact same way without making old mistakes, plus update the ui. up to 3 months of one person's work.
heartburn: what happened: ts, browserify, overly abstracted everything. after three months about 25% of the codebase was ported.
heartburn: skip another 4-5 months, i bailed.
heartburn: lessons i learned from that: 1) dumb boring code is good. 2) 'better' tooling doesn't mean productivity, it can easily fuck you up. 3) the fewer people involved, the better. 4) clean rewrites are good if done right.
heartburn: ...and lead to disaster when done wrong.
icebox: heartburn: agreed
Elarcis: heartburn: it's not a clean rewrite, it's worse: it's one half of the app we have to rewrite, and adapt the other half
Elarcis: heartburn: also, we have weird functional needs that are very hard to translate into OOP, weird edge cases caused by the overuse of object literals (literally thousands of only JS literals)
Elarcis: *thousands of lines
heartburn: well...
heartburn: :(
Elarcis: I'd like to yell at the customer 'well if you had that refactoring done earlier and enforced good code instead of just having your dev shit line after line for two years, maybe we wouldn't be here today'
heartburn: better have a talk with the person who makes final decisions on that matter, explain what's wrong, explain how to go about it (if needed ask for more time/resources/whatever)
heartburn: if that doesn't work, bail.
heartburn: i see nothing immoral/unprofessional in jumping over heads in that corp hierarchy bullshit.
heartburn: it saves time and nerves quite often.
Elarcis: heartburn: the PM is nice, he understands and takes it 'well' that we've blown the charges
Elarcis: heartburn: it's just... the tech expert was supposed to design the architecture of the project, and I still have to change it because he didn't take half the specificities into account
Elarcis: heartburn: basically, he didn't test his design, he just layed his egg and left into vacations
Elarcis: heartburn: (and, as a nice side-gift, forgot to send us part of the work he was supposed to before he left)
Elarcis: heartburn: in short, I don't think his expertise on the matter has been half the usefulness it's been sold
Elarcis: heartburn: it just made my work overly complicated and not-working
hemangpatel: Hello there morning
heartburn: Elarcis: i'd talk about that with a person who brought that dude in.
heartburn: and make sure i never get to work with him again.
hemangpatel: What's the way to check that my angularjs is compatible with which browser ?
Elarcis: heartburn: the PM is already aware that the expert kind of messed up, but he's not realizing the scale of it
hemangpatel: I'm running karma with browser phantomjs. Becuase i though &quot;chrome&quot; browser will open &quot;real&quot; browser and it will be not exist in ci server
Elarcis: heartburn: the guy is a senior, I'm a junior, I don't think I'm going to have that level of freedom with my coworkers unless I resign
Elarcis: heartburn: and the paygrade is way too interesting right now to quit
Elarcis: hemangpatel: no idea about how to test real browsers on a cli ci server
heartburn: last time that happened to me, i just stopped going out of my way, and kept working as normal. when i had an issue (as in, learned about the new requirements by accident, after delivering the product), i delegated that to the right person.
heartburn: it's also hella fun.
Elarcis: heartburn: yeah, the right person is in vacation, I can't do much right now
heartburn: that's from the call with everyone involved, the customer, me, pm, etc.
heartburn: turned out, there was a pdf with new requirements in his mailbox, hangin there for two weeks, without my knowing.
None
heartburn: well, i'm feeling you m8. make sure it doesn't get under your skin.
Elarcis: hemangpatel: this is for any browser, except firefox and chrome require a windowing system to work
Elarcis: heartburn: I'm currently in the period where I have to decide if I want to continue working on this project next year
Elarcis: heartburn: I'm in a dilemma. I enjoyed working on this until the tech expert came, since then it's been awful. I don't know if it's 'just a phase' and it'll get fun again, or if the thing is definitely screwed up and I should consider leaving the boat before it indeed gets under my skin
Elarcis: heartburn: if you ask me, I'd like to throw away all that's been done for the last 30 days, throw away the tech expert, and start the refactor from scratch, with a REAL, DOCUMENTED, TESTED design and not pieces of code the expert just spew without any comment, thinking I'll guess how it works by myself
heartburn: hope you'll figure it out eventually.
Elarcis: heartburn: and it's possible to do that thanks to the CVS, it's just that money-wise, it's half a fortune wasted for the customer
heartburn: just don't be bitter about it. totally do be vocal though, just not bitter.
heartburn: being vocal is good. being a whiny cunt isn't.)
heartburn: you have a problem, make sure the person who caused that problem knows about it.
Elarcis: heartburn: yeah, I'll do just that
Elarcis: heartburn: I just always feel like being calm and diplomat about something just that huge is even more a-hole-ish than just stating my problem with the real emotion felt behind
Elarcis: (which is pure frustration)
heartburn: it also leads to transparency. although some would say it's not healthy when people bluntly voice their concerns all the time. because 'it hurts my feelings maaan, i'm not comfortable being critizised publicly.'
heartburn: i dunno, i like when people don't fuck around and tell it to my face, that i messed up somewhere.
heartburn: it, again, saves time and nerves.
Elarcis: heartburn: I have issues with that, I always feel criticized no matter what is said, I internalize that because I know it's not systematic, I'm just paranoid
ngWalrus: (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
Pyrrhus6661: ┬──┬◡ﾉ(&deg; -&deg;ﾉ)
uru: lol, Pyrrhus6661
ngWalrus: (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┬──┬
Pyrrhus6661:   ノ┬─┬ノ ︵ ( \o&deg;o)\
baako: Morning guys, this is just a logic question. I want to create 3 select options, one will be shown and the second will show up depending on what the user pick from the first one, has i need to make an http call to get the data for it. The third select options will show up depending on what the user choose from the second option. In words, how should i go about with this. In jquery i will normally just append everything to a div but i believe in angular
baako: they should be a better approach to this. Thanks
icebox: baako: we are not your solution provider :)
icebox: baako: that stuff is called cascading select
icebox: baako: it is not related directly to angular
Elarcis: ^
uru: 【&bull;】_【&bull;】
Elarcis: baako: hide or lock each select until you have fetched the data for it. the rest of it is design and is up to you.
baako: icebox, thanks
icebox: baako: google &quot;angularjs cascading select&quot; and you get a few resources
icebox: baako: the classic example is countries/cities/whatever :)
smiche: anyone having problem with rzslider being with weird dimensions?
smiche: and it's fine after clicking on it
None
Pyrrhus6661: icebox: so you _are_ a solution provider after all :P
icebox: Pyrrhus6661: I cannot resist :P
Pyrrhus6661: hehe :)
uru: &quot;icebox solutions, the coolist problem solver around&quot;
icebox: Pyrrhus6661: I saw the examples in the first links provided by google... it was old or implemented with $watch... I said &quot;sigh&quot;
Pyrrhus666: icebox: ouch.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: so I was compelled to find a &quot;good&quot; example :)
Pyrrhus666: preventer of the proliferation of putrid code :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: really it was mandatory... I imagined the next questions... why I need to use $scope? why using $watch it doesn't work? and so on... :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: exactly
Elarcis: smiche: I use it and I don't
smiche: again need to use this hackish $timeout and it renders it fine -.-
smiche: impact: 'impact' does one time binding on directive?
smiche: yeh, read it in the docs again :D
star_prone: hi
macstriker: hi guys
macstriker: localStorage is good way to store sensitive data?
macstriker: i need to store api token
macstriker: this token can be revoked in case of emergency
icebox: macstriker: no sensitive data in the frontend :)
icebox: macstriker: there is no way to hide it
macstriker: so
icebox: macstriker: and that is not an angular question :)
macstriker: i have frontend app
macstriker: based on angularjs
macstriker: i can keep api token in memory but it means relogin on every app run
uru: macstriker: You could possibly use local storage/cookie to store the token between app runs
macstriker: that's my question
macstriker: ok, i will use local storage
icebox: uru: well... it would not be safe
macstriker: internet not a safe
icebox: uru: it is not the &quot;token&quot;, it is the &quot;api token&quot;
uru: Personally that's something I'd do, but have a way to revoke a &quot;user session&quot; if needed.
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: you could use sessionStorage (just like you would localStorage). that clears on browser close.
macstriker: if you want to be very safe - dont make apps
uru: icebox: Oh right
macstriker: what is a difference token and api token?
Pyrrhus666: toke == user bound, api token == application bound
icebox: macstriker: token is verified on server side... everyone can use an api token
macstriker: okay, maybe i do it wrong
macstriker: &quot;token for api access&quot;
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I hope both are verified server side though ;
icebox: Pyrrhus666: yes... but you got it
icebox: Pyrrhus666: the lifecycle is different
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: is it a token like a jwt, created on login and bound to that user ?
Pyrrhus666: icebox: true
macstriker: yes
macstriker: very similar to jwt
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: then afaik localStorage is okay. if paranoid, use sessionStorage. and make sure you can revoke the token (or have it expire) at will.
icebox: macstriker: the point is this one... if I &quot;copy&quot; that &quot;api token&quot; in another session on another browser, does it work?
icebox: macstriker: if no, use localstorage, if yes, change the design.
macstriker: i can fix this token to IP
None
ngbot: angular.js/master cdf3d5e Vincent Gillot: docs(guide/component-router): fix typo (`$routeOnReuse` --: `$routerOnReuse`)...
macstriker: so if you just copy, you get nothing
icebox: macstriker: it is not enoug... I can spoof any ip :)
macstriker: how?
icebox: macstriker: really?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: unless you&acute;re on a natted network and IP is shared ;)
macstriker: yes, shared IP
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 7accdf2 Vincent Gillot: docs(guide/component-router): fix typo (`$routeOnReuse` --: `$routerOnReuse`)...
macstriker: i think i am not create such popular app that anyone want to hack me %)
macstriker: in iOS app i store this key into keychain
macstriker: and feel safe
icebox: macstriker: no... because that info is into the wire
Pyrrhus666: icebox: ow come on, we all use https right ? ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: Man-in-the-middle attack
macstriker: attacks everywhere
Pyrrhus666: TLS 1.3 and perfect forward secrecy ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: no sensitive info on frontend side :)
macstriker: maybe i should just make pizza, not apps
macstriker: especially web apps
Pyrrhus666: icebox: so, eliminate the user then ?
icebox: Pyrrhus666: :P it would be a solution :)
Pyrrhus666: the final solution, even...
icebox: Pyrrhus666: that suggestion is valid also for humans... no sensitive data on frontend side... no sensitive data written on something... sensitive data need to be in owner's mind. point.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: usually brain session doesn't expire :)
macstriker: at least on sticky note right on the user's monitor
macstriker: it is good too
icebox: macstriker: :P
Elarcis: the PM is starting to piss me off quite a bit
Pyrrhus666: icebox: you are correct, but in a lot of cases it not a big problem. I use self-expiring jwt&acute;s stored in sessionStorage, which could be hijacked. but for the app in case that risk is acceptable.
Elarcis: 'start by the basics, do X _yeah, but X depends on six Y, that depend on six other Z. I'm currently working on Z. _why do you think in reverse? X is basic! do it first!'
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed. And, as you said, jwt is different
Pyrrhus666: generally speaking though the human is weakest link, and social engineering highly dangerous...
icebox: Pyrrhus666: super agree
macstriker: icebox: give me password from you server
icebox: Pyrrhus666: really I stopped to give sensitive data to my relatives, because they have not the same secutiry level :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I would never have thought to give them sensitive stuff anyway. if needed, I create an extra account for them or smt ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: of course if I have a memory glitch, I have a few problems :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: I must admit that for a lot of things I rely on my browser to remember passwords. except the most sensitive ones (root pw&acute;s, banking and such)
None
icebox: Pyrrhus666: I disabled (remember passwords) that stuff :)
icebox: hemangpatel: need to ask to bd-... but it is not here... I don't use that stuff
icebox: *they are not here
Pyrrhus666: OT: colombian president gets nobel peace prize for ending war with FARC... didn&acute;t the people just reject that peace deal ?
hemangpatel: icebox, ok
icebox: Pyrrhus666: sadly yes
icebox: Pyrrhus666: i mean, the rejection
Pyrrhus666: icebox: that&acute;s why the awarding of the peace prize feels so weird now...
icebox: Pyrrhus666: indeed... I read the awarding was cancelled
Pyrrhus666: icebox: strange, reputable source say it was just awarded 10 minutes ago.
None
ngbot: angular.js/master 34434cf Jason Bedard: refactor($q): separate Promise from Deferred...
icebox: Pyrrhus666: yep... confirmed
icebox: Pyrrhus666: read the reasons explained by Nobel committee
Pyrrhus666: I was just reading the press release. sounds legit.
None
FreeHS: hihihi~
FreeHS: How to fire event for elements which completed ng-repeat in ANgularJS
heartburn: baako: show the vm.cities please
FreeHS: solved)
FreeHS: thanks!
heartburn: also, at #16 make ng-model='vm.selectedCity' or something
heartburn: and in the controller, vm.selectedCity = vm.cities[0]; or something.
baako: heartburn, sorry for the late reply but here is vm.cities
None
heartburn: ng-options='city.name for city in vm.cities'
mralex: Hi. Can I pass a something other than true false to a filter? {{CalendarData.drivers | daily_jobs:get=collections}} ?
mralex: or {{CalendarData.drivers | daily_jobs:get=deliveries}} ?
JBreit: differences betweenAngular 1 &amp; 2?
heartburn: JBreit: numerous.
heartburn: JBreit: next question please.
mralex: can a filter return an object?
baako: heartburn, thanks. what if i wanted to use the id in the json as the value. ?
baako: when i try ng.model=&quot;city.id as city.name for city in vm.cities&quot;
baako: it shows the value like value=&quot;number:1&quot;
heartburn: ng-model='vm.selectedCity' ng-options=city.name for city in vm.cities'
heartburn: console.log(vm.selectedCity.id); // id
heartburn: console.log(vm.selectedCity.name); // name
heartburn: ah, wait, i misread you question.
heartburn: ng-model='vm.selectedCity' ng-options=city.name for city in vm.cities track by city.id' should do it for you.
heartburn: baako: --^
baako: heartburn, thanks. so i needed the track by. Thanks again
baako: so it looks like ng-options only works with the &quot;select&quot; html element
baako: why is that?
baako: am using angular 1.5.5
heartburn: well, because it was made for that.
None
None
baako: hi icebox i had a read of that a while ago. Good refresher thanks
None
heartburn: in the view, at #19 ng-change='vm.getCityValue()'
heartburn: in the controller, function getCityValue() { console.log(vm.selectedCity); /* other stuff */ }
baako: heartburn, angular.js:13424 Error: [$parse:isecdom] Referencing DOM nodes in Angular expressions is disallowed! Expression: vm.selectedCity
heartburn: this.selectedCity?
smiche: any1 knows any decent slide picker directives?
smiche: or plain js
Pyrrhus666: smiche: what&acute;s a &acute;slide picker&acute; ? you mean a regular slider (range) input ?
baako: heartburn, still the same error
smiche: yep, I tried 3, some don't resize dynamically, others don't allow for background change depending on input
Pyrrhus666: that rzslider not doing it for you ? it looked well-featured.
smiche: it doesn't resize also it renders wrongly when setting initial value through formly, I fixed those with $timeout and rootScope.$on but it feels bad
Pyrrhus666: I&acute;ve only ever used a polyfill for that, the one from webshim-lib. never had an angular directive for it. admittedly, I don&acute;t use it often.
None
smiche: looks pretty basic but might do the job, just need to see if background can be changed depending on input
Pyrrhus666: smiche: as it&acute;s meant as a polyfill for input type=&acute;range&acute;: you&acute;d probably have to hack it in ;)
Pyrrhus666: a small ng-directive that ties the model value to a css prop would do.
smiche: thanks, I'll give it a go
baako: heartburn, i added  console.log(this.selectedCity); and  console.log(vm.selectedCity); in the controller outside of the it showed &quot;option value=&quot;&quot; selected=&quot;selected&quot;:-- Choose city --/option:&quot;
baako: which will make sense i think has Angular will not pass an html element
None
Elarcis: baako: don't use .then(function, function), use .then(function).catch(function)
baako: Elarcis, is that in angular 2 or 1 cause am using 1 and also what is the different? any article i can read about the different please?
zomg: baako: the difference is the first won't catch errors in the success handler
zomg: x.then(a, b) -: only errors in x are caught
zomg: x.then(a).catch(b) -: errors both in x and a are caught
Pyrrhus666: funny though, that construct is just a shortcut for x.then(a).then(null,b);
bd-: ehh isn't the former preferable then
bd-: i think i'd only want to catch the errors for x
bd-: rather than catching errors that may or may not have come from x
Pyrrhus666: bd-: well, thinking in exceptions and try/catch blocks I&acute;d expect that with .catch(); whether it&acute;s preferable depends on your case, imho.
zomg: yeah which one to use depends on how you want to handle your errors
None
zomg: baako: if it works yes? :)
baako: zomg, back now. yea it is working
None
None
baako: tried that. it isnt working and no error
zomg: baako: you have a typo
zomg: getcityValues vs getCityValues
andygmb: I have a scenario where I have a component with a select dropdown, which contains a list of unique items, and I want to have selecting an item in that list 'bubble over' to other instances of the component - if someone selects a list item it should be removed from the other selects .. does that question make sense?
zomg: so you want all instances of the component share the same state?
andygmb: in a way, yes
baako: zomg, corrected it but still nothing. will ng-change throw an error if it cannot find the model?
andygmb: the items should be unique and avoid duplicates
zomg: baako: iirc no
andygmb: I was thinking of, when you select an item, it adds a property to that item which is then filtered out by the selects ng-options
andygmb: does that solution make sense, or is there a better more angular-y way to do it?
zomg: that would be one way to do it, or you could update the list of items and remove the selected one
andygmb: hm, although thinking about my solution it probably won't work, as there's one extra layer of complexity in that the item only needs to be not selectable providing another dropdown is the same value in a component.
andygmb: like, I have two dropdowns, one is price category, the other is section, both are dropdowns
andygmb: across all components the price category and section are unique together
andygmb: so you can't have a price category of &quot;P1&quot; and a section of &quot;seated&quot; twice
andygmb: but my solution wouldn't work for that I think :/
andygmb: I suppose I could create a mapping of available sections for each price category and apply my solution to that
zomg: sounds reasonable
Elarcis: 3h left, I can do it!
Elarcis: I compiled my observations on the insan... cons of the architecture we have, and got to make an hypothesis on how to make it simpler and more reliable
Elarcis: (also to make it work)
Pyrrhus666: do it well and the tech responsible will be fired ?
Elarcis: not fired, but I hope put aside of the project
Pyrrhus666: good enough :)
None
Pyrrhus666: rings true for a large part with me, being &acute;old&acute;.
icebox: sigh... &quot;all the logic in the presentation code&quot;
icebox: like anli_ with their large expressions :)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: hey, that was 15 years ago ;)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: it is now... &quot;...the presenter is convincing us why it's truly the &quot;next big thing&quot; for mobile development. To me, it seems...&quot;
bd-: i never quite got the argument against logic in presentation, as most logic in presentation is logic to do with the presentation
Pyrrhus666: icebox: also &uml;a _bit_ like&uml;.
icebox: Pyrrhus666: agreed :)
icebox: bd-: agreed
icebox: Pyrrhus666: nice reading... thanks
Pyrrhus666: icebox: yw. I was very triggered by the &acute;here we go again&acute; lament, as I&acute;ve felt that numerous times :)
icebox: Pyrrhus666: me? &quot;drained&quot;
Pyrrhus666: yeah, also a well known feeling.
bd-: yea, whenever i get the 'here we go again' sentiment i try and guess how long this new magic thing will last for before it's again obsoleted
Pyrrhus666: bd-: max 2 years.
heartburn: : old
heartburn: : 40 years
icebox: Pyrrhus666: it is knowledge vs. skills... a few jobs are based on knowledge... other on skills
Pyrrhus666: heartburn: yes, :45 is ancient. I&acute;m ancient :)
heartburn: that's just, like, your opinion, man.)
Pyrrhus666: icebox: that&acute;s about the heart of it.
Elarcis: bd-, icebox: everything is to do with the presentation in the end
icebox: w0rp: :P
icebox: Elarcis: :P
Pyrrhus666: heartburn: as long as people think it, but I neither act it nor feel it, I don&acute;t tend to care ;)
Elarcis: I feel like the majority of people here are more than 40
heartburn: naah
bd-: i would have thought most 30
Pyrrhus666: I thought only people born before 1980 still used IRC ;)
bd-: good point
heartburn: irc is timeless bro
bd-: maybe all the cool kids are hanging out on slack
Pyrrhus666: thank god I&acute;m not cool then.
heartburn: well, slack is alright, actually.
heartburn: the integrations are nice.
heartburn: offline messages...
heartburn: the log, that is.
bd-: there's not really much it offers that hasn't already been built ontop of irc though
Pyrrhus666: I&acute;ve only looked at it once, I must admit.
heartburn: sure, it just makes it easier.
baako: hi heartburn still cannot figure out why it isn't work. How do you guys normally debug something like this?
heartburn: but yeah, besides integrations/offline log, it's pretty much irc.
baako: ahaha got it to work heartburn
macstriker: guys
macstriker: i got such flow with authorization
macstriker: first of all i exchange username and password to token
macstriker: if i get token i should request /api/profile to get information about user
macstriker: what is a right way to do this with promises?
None
Pyrrhus666: on login, post login data (returns a promise). when promise resolves (returns token), start a new get request (returns promise). when that resolves : display.
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: ^
macstriker: in new then, right?
Pyrrhus666: new ?
macstriker: $http.put('/api/token').then(function() { return $http.get('/api/profile') });
Pyrrhus666: a yes, true. (why put though, in stead of post ? or is that a backend requirement ?)
heartburn: something like that, yes
macstriker: what if i want abstract error message for my controller?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: also, this might be a good point to look at the resolve feature of your chosen router.
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: I don&acute;t understand what you&acute;re getting at ?
macstriker: let me explain
None
macstriker: i want such flow
macstriker: it seems i should create my own promise?
None
macstriker: or work with callbacks?
macstriker: $authService.signin({}, function(user) { console.log('success') })
macstriker: i need to resolve signin promise if eveything is okay and return User object and reject if there is some sort of error
None
macstriker: hm, my success callback called even for 400 response
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: what I do : my service resolves login to a user if succesful, false otherwise. the controller displays a message on false.
Elarcis: macstriker: if you do a throw, it'll reject your chain of promises, and will be catched by the next catch() block
Elarcis: macstriker: promises remove the need for callbacks, and you only need to create the start of the chain
icebox: macstriker: you need a &quot;profile&quot; (or &quot;session&quot;) object containing the user info: anonymous, logged and so on... you have a method to check the status like isAuthenticated... in success (or in error one) part of login you set accordingly a value for a property used in isAuthenticated
Elarcis: Ah.
macstriker: i already have such service
None
macstriker: thanks
icebox: zomg: codeutopia added
sss_: tyrt
sss_: ty
sss_: tr
sss_: y
sss_: rty
sss_: t
sss_: y
sss_: tr
sss_: y
sss_: tytry
sss_: ty
sss_: tr
sss_: y
sss_: t
sss_: yt
sss_: y
None
macstriker: this is a right ?
macstriker: please code-review
macstriker: also i dont understand how to fail promise
macstriker: also i am not sure about variable token. is there any way how can i pass it from one then to next then?
Pyrrhus666: I would make 2 separate functions in your service. 1 to get the token, 1 to get the profile. but ymmv.
Pyrrhus666: also, wouldn&acute;t you want the WSSE header on every call after login ? then you should look at http interceptors.
macstriker: yes, i use intercaptor
macstriker: later for global user
macstriker: my controller will be $authService.signin($scope.username, $scope.password).then(function(user) { $userService.setUser(user) }
macstriker: and all other requests will be signed with such header
macstriker: but now i need to make error handling
None
icebox: macstriker: please, take your time to read the docs and to experiment with the code
macstriker: okay
macstriker: i understand that my questions is stupid
macstriker: sorry for disturb
icebox: macstriker: you are welcome... but you are more effective if you take your time :)
soee_: any of you is using angular-cli and has some problems runing it?
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: you have used up your free three questions, now you need to read the docs :P
icebox: macstriker: if you are in stuck, we are here :)
macstriker: i am already in stuck
icebox: bd-: ^
icebox: bd-: about angular-cli
macstriker: why all my requests for $http call success callback
macstriker: but i will check it myself, thanks mans
Pyrrhus666: macstriker: do your calls actually return something else then http 2xx codes ?
macstriker: 400
macstriker: in case when username or password is incorrect
hemangpatel: bd-, ping
Pyrrhus666: hmm that should be an error.
macstriker: i will check
macstriker: maybe something in my interceptors
None
hemangpatel: It just create ngfactory folder but how to use it ?
icebox: macstriker: maybe you don't reject it in the interceptor
macstriker: yeah
macstriker: you right
bd-: hemangpatel: ?
hemangpatel: you know about angular-cli ?
bd-: umm, i use it
hemangpatel: I want to use aot
macstriker: nice, my auth working
bd-: i do not use aot
macstriker: thanks guys
None
soee_: hmm, how to debug that: ng new app-test --verbose -: Error
soee_: so the command returns just 'Error' as output
icebox: soee_: is it not enough? :)
soee_: icebox: it is if you want stop using it before you started ... :-)
Pyrrhus666: soee_: that&acute;s what I did. after the npm install stage ;)
None
soee_: on AngularConnect talks it was said that angular-cli is a great tool :)
None
Pyrrhus666: soee_: the idea is great...
icebox: soee_: the point is... try to give a look there
icebox: soee_: maybe there is some relevant info
soee_: icebox: nothing helps :/
Elarcis: soee_: have you tried alcohol?
Pyrrhus666: that&acute;s a great solution
Hexoid: hi guys, i have a question regarding to event emitting from services. what would be a better solution: to created service method to emit events directly to controllers which service is injected into or to simply emit events to rootScope?
soee_: Elarcis: nope
Elarcis: Hexoid: what's the motivation behind using events?
heartburn: Hexoid: you must find a way to do what you're going to do without events, man.
heartburn: otherwise your future self will hate you.
heartburn: and all the people that have to deal with that code too
heartburn: also, i will.
Hexoid: agree, but i don's see at the moment other solution
None
None
icebox: heartburn: sorry... mistell
icebox: Hexoid: in that plunker you see the same results using events or promises
hemangpatel: good bye
icebox: hemangpatel: bye
heartburn: i will follow you everywhere, and no amount of sodium bicarbonate will help you m8.
Hexoid: icebox: thanks, that's a good point
icebox: Hexoid: generally speaking, if you need to share data between &quot;components&quot; (controllers, directives, and so on), use services
icebox: Hexoid: changes are propagated automagically (if you don't break the reference)
Pyrrhus666: references.... 3 :)
None
Hexoid: i worried about upadting data changes
None
icebox: Hexoid: you need to master that pattern... it is angular foundation
icebox: Hexoid: if you know that, you know about 80% of angular
heartburn: Hexoid: also master the '&amp;'.
icebox: Hexoid: behind the scenes angular implements the observer pattern applied to passing as reference js feature
baako: icebox
icebox: baako: hey
None
macstriker: okay, i read docs
None
None
Hexoid: thanks for help guys, actually i was thinking if i'm doing it right avoiding events usage
icebox: Hexoid: you are welcome
icebox: baako: any plunker reproducing your issue?
baako: icebox not but looking at it now seem like i found the issue which was to do with this
baako:   selectedCity: cities[0],
baako: in the controller
baako: needed to be   selectedCity: cities[1],
kegster: now that i've gotten my angular app all modularized i can finally see and have my &quot;lightbulb&quot; moments regarding angular
kegster: ahhh this is so much easier goodness
kegster: why didn't anyone tell me this?!?!??! haha
\du: $cookie.getObject() if the cookie is malformed throw error when trying to deserialize the JSON, it would not be like that, right?
icebox: \du: malformed? a cookie cannot be malformed... you mean, the content you saved is not conform to your specs :)
\du: icebox: I mean, I set manually a non json value
\du: it could be also injected on a XSS or similar attack
icebox: \du: ok... the answer is yes
icebox: \du: JSON.parse(&quot;foo&quot;); // raises an error
\du: $cookie.getObject() call to fromJson:11549 and it run JSON.parse, JSON.parse('foo') throw error Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token a in JSON at position 0(&hellip;)
\du: hahaha just writing the same example
icebox: \du: nice :)
\du: yes, I think that it should be manage by ng, right? validate that is a json before call JSON.parse
icebox: \du: no
icebox: \du: it is ok
\du: or is a responability of the programmer? I am not so sure, but is annoying that $cookie.getObject throw the error
\du: what do you mean?
icebox: \du: programmer needs to check that
icebox: \du: try/catch
heartburn: that's kinda debatable though, but if you think about it, it makes sense.
\du: yes, okay.. I think that changed on the new version, previously it was not throwing error
\du: thanks for the feedback
icebox: heartburn: really? only the programmer knows the semantic value of the content
heartburn: it almost always makes sense to wrap JSON.parse with try/catch clause, so you can handle the malformed stuff by yourself.
Elarcis: heartburn: totally not debatable. data external to the runtime =: sanitize
icebox: heartburn: ah ok... we are saying the same thing :)
heartburn: yeah, i just think that since you do the try/catch thing anyway, why not handle it on the framework level by providing callback params for try/catch/finally.
heartburn: $cookie.getObject('thingie').then().catch().finally() // -- something like that.
icebox: heartburn: I see
icebox: heartburn: well... api approach... the error needs to bubble
heartburn: trying to understand why they didn't do that.
heartburn: i guess you're right. less magic.
Elarcis: MAGIC   |=: MORE MAGIC
None
icebox: heartburn: I suppose in that context the catch part would be a simple &quot;throw e;&quot;... so quite useless
icebox: it is interesting the use of temp var &quot;value&quot;
Elarcis: icebox: I was gonna say throw; was better, but I remembered we're not in C#
icebox: :P
Elarcis: I miss C#
Elarcis: those were the days
Elarcis: strong types, at compile and run time, nice syntax, cool framework, fewer tools
icebox: well MFC days :)
None
andygmb: what is string there? its not set in any scope and isn't a builtin afaik?
andygmb: sorry this is probably more a ##javascript question than angular
icebox: Elarcis: it seems weirdly but MVC frameworks are the evolution of the DDX part (in MFC) :)
Elarcis: icebox: I haven't lived MFC, can't tell
None
icebox: Elarcis: how to implement two way data bindings in c++ :)
Elarcis: andygmb: it's a function that returns a function that accept a param called string and transforms it to dashcase
bd-: isn't two way data binding in c++ just... pointers?
andygmb: Elarcis: is the first instance of string the parameter then?
Elarcis: andygmb: can be written () =: { return (string) =: { return string.toLowerCase().replace('_', '-'); }; }
icebox: andygmb: it is called currying
andygmb: ohhh Elarcis that makes it much clearer
Elarcis: icebox: except it doesn't curry anything
andygmb: so wait, how does the top level function accept a param called string?
andygmb: it's not accepting any params ? () ?
icebox: bd-: behind the scenes, all is a pointer... :) in a framework where you have a document and a dialog, you need to use DDX machinery to simplify the life to the programmer :)
icebox: bd-: I eman, in MFC context
bd-: ohh, mfc right
bd-: i didn't actually click the link
Elarcis: andygmb: no it's not
Elarcis: andygmb: if yourFunction = () =: string =: (string.toLowerCase().replace('_', '-'));
kegster: I'm using angular bootstrap, but the modal doesn't seem to be draggable. Is there a better draggable modal without having to hack in jquery etc/
Elarcis: andygmb: you have to do yourFunction()('The_String_To_Convert')
Elarcis: andygmb: which is silly in that case, I agree
andygmb: i'm back to being confused about this now :p
Elarcis: andygmb: it's a function that returns a function. Like icebox said, it's currying
Elarcis: andygmb: you could, however, make the 'root' function accept a parameter, and have the 'child' one use it
Elarcis: andygmb: so you call the root function once with that parameter, and you can call the result with another parameter, without inputing the first one again
Elarcis: andygmb: lemme just
None
None
Elarcis: andygmb: try this in your console
icebox: bd-: (generally speaking, in C++, a very big difference between pointers (*) and references (&amp;) in nearly every situation is that a pointer is an indepedent variable and can be assigned NEW address values; whereas a reference, once assigned, can never refer to any new object until the variable goes out of scope.)
icebox: nice example
andygmb: that clears it up a bit, at least an example of using it
bd-: i'm glad i don't do c++ anymore
icebox: bd-: :P
icebox: a few minutes and the week is over here :)
icebox: andygmb: I am sure you apply that pattern many times
andygmb: hm?
icebox: andygmb: for instance, when you wrap something in another function
icebox: andygmb: creating a wrapper in function alstyle, it is called currying
icebox: andygmb: *functional style
icebox: andygmb: function foo(x) { return bar(x, 42); }; // wrapping bar function
andygmb: hmm
icebox: andygmb: if you translates those calls in a functional realm, you get the currying :) as showed by Elarcis
icebox: andygmb: does it make sense?
andygmb: it does, but I can't currently imagine a scenario where I would need this - not to say that it isn't useful looking, just doesn't seem like something i'd make use of
andygmb: I saw the curry'd code in an angular filter file
Elarcis: TIL structural directives are just syntaxic sugar for wrapping the element inside a template: tag
andygmb: and was curious
Elarcis: wow
icebox: bd-: (anyway C and C++ give the perfect and total control of the bytes, called code, you need to move) :)
icebox: andygmb: the scenario where functional approach is useful is when you need to compose or to chain tasks (functions)
Elarcis: the ng team really worked to allow coders to dev HTML5 valid templates, I'm impressed and now have something to answer to 'muh html validator'
icebox: off...have a nice weekend
Elarcis: me too, have a terrible weekend
icebox: :P
andygmb: see ya icebox &amp; Elarcis - thanks for the discussions :)
None
gulli:  What framework to test REST services do you recommend? Something maybe that uses node
None
ngbot: angular.js/master b3a3ed3 Georgios Kalpakas: docs($http): display the actual default `Accept` header
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 55b8d55 Georgios Kalpakas: docs($http): display the actual default `Accept` header
angrybacon: Is there any reason someone would use '=' rather than '&amp;' to pass a function from a directive's attribute?
angrybacon: There's a on-dismiss attribute that receive a function, and this function is called on some ng-click within that directive's template
angrybacon: I fail to see why the '='
heartburn: angrybacon: by using '=' you can pass a function reference around, and execute it from both inside and outside the directive scope, with parameters and stuff. most of the time, it's not a good thing to do though.
angrybacon: heartburn outside the directive scope?
angrybacon: how?
angrybacon: And yeah, why would one want that
heartburn: let me try to put together an example
angrybacon: heartburn Thanks!
angrybacon: heartburn Still on it? I'll leave pretty soon
None
angrybacon: Oh wow
heartburn: tried my best m8
angrybacon: Well, thanks :-)
heartburn: tl;dr: do not use '=' for passing functions around.
angrybacon: heartburn Yeah my comment was already posted
angrybacon: Was looking for the reasoning behind my blind claim
angrybacon: Although naive, my approach is use the least demanding that works
angrybacon: And I have that understanding like @  &amp;  =
None
wrkrcoop: lets say i have i page that lists all products, and a user clicks on one product, im thinking that in order to make the product data available to the product page ill store in localstorage and then access it in the product controller?
wrkrcoop: is there a more standard way of doing this?
monsti: a load product by id service
monsti: and handover to the detail page the product id
wrkrcoop: monsti: huh?
monsti: a &quot;load the whole database by a select * for a list&quot; isn't usually the smartes idea ;)
wrkrcoop: what is load product by id service?
monsti: the thing you call if somebody clicks on a single product item
wrkrcoop: oh i get what ur saying
test1234: Howdy!
test1234: I am going to make a small web app
test1234: Should I use Angular 2 or 1.5?
ries: for a ng-model, is it better to use the primary key of your dataset (talking about list like models) or the object of the selected item?
bd-: ries: i'm not sure what you mean by the first option
bd-: oh you mean like ng-model=&quot;objects[index]&quot; vs ng-model=&quot;object&quot;
ries: bd-: if you have a dropdown for example that holds 10 address that has stret, phone, po code etc&hellip; you usually display only some name. But when the address is selected, you also need to set your model to let other&rsquo;s know what is selected&hellip; for the ng-model, would you use some kidna addres_id or just the complete object? Hope I explained beter...
ries: : oh you mean like ng-model=&quot;objects[index]&quot; vs ng-model=&quot;object&quot; = Yep,
ries: + 
ries: I didn&rsquo;t mean to show tthat angy guy :)
bd-: if it's for selects/dropdowns then it probably depends more what your code needs
bd-: some cases it might be preferrable to only extract an index of the selected item rather than the whole item that's been selected
bd-: i would just do whatever makes sense for your case
bd-: that's probably doens't answer your question though
ries: bd-: kinda it does&hellip; for libraries I see a mix of teh two used.. and both have their advantages&hellip; But I am not sure what&rsquo;s best practise
bd-: i use a bit of a mix of both i think
zissou: newbie here.  I'd like to force the user to check atleast one checkbox out of a bunch of checkboxes, How do I do that kind of validation?
wrkrcoop: is it better to store stuff in rootscope or localstorage?
wrkrcoop: zissou: my guess is make the model an array &hellip; on click push into the array, and then when they click submit validate the array is not empty &hellip; my guess
ries: bd-: ok, thank&rsquo;s for your insight
None
bd-: ries: with ng-options you can also have the model set to a property of the object too, like an id, rather than the index of whrer it was in the array
ries: wrkrcoop: if you want to have your cache available after a browser reload then don&rsquo;t use rootscope
wrkrcoop: ries: oh yeah good point &hellip;
ries: wrkrcoop: what sort of data do you want to retain?
wrkrcoop: ries: so user comes to the store page which has products, and products each have around 10 fields, i want to store each product in local storage so if the user clicks a particular one i have the data to show &hellip;
ries: wrkrcoop: what happens if the user comes back in 1 hour but closes his browser and re-opens your page?
wrkrcoop: if they open the products page i think ill call the backend for new data and clear the products ...
wrkrcoop: is it better to store data in a service?
ries: wrkrcoop: that&rsquo;s what I do fo rmsyelf&hellip;
wrkrcoop: ries: you store the data in a service?
ries: wrkrcoop: service on my server..
wrkrcoop: oh  &hellip;
bisch: Is there something that actually starts out with more current versions of things?  ng 1.5.x, TypeScript (maybe 2.0 now), typings, npm (drops bower), angular-ui-bootstrap (no jquery), whatever current karma/protractor configuration is, etc.?
bd-: there are
bisch: and, is WebPack the preferred packager these days?  It looks pretty clean to me.
bd-: but chances are in a few months everyone will have decided on a different set of complementing tools and libraries
bd-: and around and around we go
bisch: bd: so true...  which is why I ended up here.  My head is so spinning...  :(
bd-: i think webpack is the 'official' choice for ng2 stuff
bisch: but, for the sake of a moderately interesting and possibly even useful to someone else, technical discussion of the current, Fri Oct  7 17:56:47 UTC 2016, state of affairs - what do you think would be current set of tools?
bd-: depends on your requirements and the project i'd say, if it's some small quick stuff i personally wouldn't bother with typescript or webpack
bd-: i'd just look for some up to date seeds and starter projects to find out what people are using
bd-: i think some of the styleguides have some tooling recommendations
bisch: bd: the angular-next-start-kit one then...   It's not that small and quick.  Which is why we've outrun the original choices, which was some sort yo generator and then migrated through a Vissual Studio iteration, etc.
bd-: yea i still have a few ng1 projects that were yo/bower/etc based
bd-: updating them to build on modern node versions was not fun
bisch: Well, I think I like lists fo components in that starter kit.  I think it might have been a bit weak on some of the scaffolding.
bisch: On the upside I know a whole lot more about how all this stuff is supposed to fit together now.
bd-: yea, i don't really like using complicated build systems all that much, partly because i like to understand how everything works but i simply don't have the time to figure out what all these things do and how they all interact together
bd-: they end up being quite a distraction
bisch: So true.  It's amazing it all works as well as it does but when it breaks...
bisch: I see you were talking about webpack being the preferred ng2 choice, not the starter-kit I referenced.  That's good I guess.
bisch: Is karma/protractor still the prefered testing harness?
dlam: hey if factory-style services are going away in angular2...  how do you use ngResource in angular 2?  i think you can only use the factory style with ngResource?
icfantv: dlam: are you talking about $resource?
icfantv: you just create a class that has `Http` injected and define your own API calls
zomg: bisch: if you're testing ng1 stuff, yes. I don't think they do much for ng2
zomg: bisch: although even for ng1 I'd recommend using commonjs modules and mocha which means you don't need karma or protractor
dlam: ohh yeah everything is classes now
bisch: zomg, really?  That is probably worth looking into.  Do you have a pointer to an article or template?
zomg: regarding which of the several things I mentioned? :P
bisch: zomg, sorry, the use of mocha and not needing karma or protractor?
zomg: Right, so if it's ng2, I can't really give much specific advice with that since I've not used it a lot
zomg: but
zomg: since your stuff is basically es6 modules, you can write a test with mocha, and import your module into the test
zomg: you can instanciate it in your test with any stubs or mocks if you need them and so on
zomg: protractor on the other hand being for e2e stuff... it's basically just a bunch of ng1 specific helpers built on top of selenium webdriverjs
bisch: This &quot;starter=kit&quot; lists &quot;Karma/Mocha/Chai/Progractor&quot; for test.  I thought maybe Mocha and Chai were just  used by the other two.
zomg: you can probably use karma with ng2 since all karma does is it just runs your tests in a browser
zomg: but you may need to have some compile step for typescript in your karma configs unless there's some sort of preprocessor for it
bisch: Well, I just want to be ng2 ready as much as is reasonable without doing it at this point.
bisch: Still on ng1.5.x
zomg: right, with ng1, you can either use es6 modules or commonjs modules
zomg: and you can again import your code into the test directly which makes it a lot simpler
bisch: So, there's not much e2e support for ng2 yet?
zomg: not sure, as mentioned I've not used it almost at all
bisch: So, for now stick with protractor or can enough be done with mocha?
zomg: but at least it seems protractor *so far* only supports ng1
bisch: Mocha can replace Karma then and will be more ng2 friendly?
zomg: karma is a tool to help you run tests more easily in a browser
zomg: mocha is a test framework / test runner
zomg: karma needs some test runner, and it can use jasmine or mocha iirc
Scooby: Can somone please explain this.  Is Angular 2, and Angularjs 2 the same thing.  I want to learn angular to incorporate it with ASP.NET MVC FORMS
bisch: That sounds right.  So, we probably need Karma+Mocha and then why Protractor if karma can run tests in a browser already?
test1234: hello!
bisch: Scooby, I think it's a safe bet they are they same thing.
zomg: bisch: protractor is a helper for e2e tests, karma/mocha is more suitable for unit tests
Scooby: bisch: So where you can create a single page app with Angular 2, I would assume, it's basiclly the same as how AJAX UPDATE PANELS work with ASP.NET forms.  Where you can refresh the data in a page without posting back the entire page.  Correct.
zomg: Scooby: conceptually the idea is similar, but the implementation is different
Scooby: zomg:  I get that part, I'm about half way through learning Angular 2, where the online class that I'm taking is just starting to get into forms.  I just don't understand how you tie ASP.NET MVC and Angular 2 together yet.
bisch: Scooby, work though a couple of the tutorials/examples and you'll probably not like it at first because it's &quot;different&quot;, but it will make more sense once you learn a few of the concepts and terminology.
bisch: zomg, Thanks for the insights.  Thanks to bd- too.
zomg: np
Forecasting: Hi, how can I verify that cookies have been set after a http post request to my login resource in angular 2?
Forecasting: I already looked in the chrome devtools under application -: cookies but there were none listed
Forecasting: The webserver that hosts the API runs on localhost:5000 while the lite-server from npm start runs on 3000
Forecasting: I already verified that cookies are being set by curl ing the URL
tran: is v2.0 and 1.0 compatible?
wrkrcoop: i want my input field to match my model value &hellip;         input type=&quot;text&quot; class=&quot;form-control&quot; ng-model=&quot;vm.store&quot;:
wrkrcoop: anyone konw how to do that? i tried ng-value=&ldquo;vm.store&rdquo; didnt work
kegster: So why exactly is it best to use var vm = $scope; instead of $scope, and why should one use a &quot;dot&quot; inside your ng-click, etc (like ng-click=&quot;foo.func()&quot; versus ng-click=&quot;func90
kegster: func()&quot; ****
Scooby: Could someone please help explain this.  I am a .net developer and I'm learning Angular 2 (I'm just learning about forms).  What I'm trying to understand is this.  Is Angular used in ASP.NET MVC in two way's.  One where you can just use it as a scripting language like Jquery in your views and two where you can install Angular into the .net web application and then use the components in your view.  Is that a correct understanding.?
TrentonDAdams: Angular is an MVC framework, not a scripting language
jr3: I have an isolate scope on a directive  scope: { date: '=' }, but when I use in with my vm on my controller it doesn't come through
TrentonDAdams: It does a lot of the boilerplate stuff for you.  Things that would require you to write a bunch of jQuery code are now done for you.
None
ngbot: angular.js/master f41bd76 Martin Staffa: docs(changelog): add missing commit and remove empty lines
None
ngbot: angular.js/v1.5.x 5395573 Martin Staffa: docs(changelog): add missing commit and remove empty lines
Scooby: ngbot:  Could I ask you a quick question?
Scooby: Can someone tell me is ther a popular Angular 2, forum site that I could be pointed to for questions?
wrkrcoop: anyone here?
zomg: nope
zomg: just you and the echo's in the cyberspace
None
wrkrcoop: changes between oldData and newData when the user clicks submit
zomg: so is the data actually changing or not?
wrkrcoop: zomg: so i change it in the form but when i click submit it doesn&rsquo;t show the changes
zomg: ie. is the problem that the data doesn't change, or that it does change, but this code doesn't produce the correct result between old and new?
wrkrcoop: hmm let me check
zomg: yeah would probably be good to check that first, whether new data actually has any new data in it to begin with :)
wrkrcoop: k it looks like its not changing
zomg: not sure why that would be, the ng-models look correct to me...
wrkrcoop: bahhhhh
rand0m: hey wrkrcoop
rand0m: hey zomg
wrkrcoop: hey
wrkrcoop: can u not edit a model&rsquo;s nested values?
